So as the ai plays with the sensors it will have the option to modulate the way it perceives sound and video feedback like the direction we are going in or how loud the noise is, experimentation though would be followed up by a prompt to train the ai not to do things on a conversational level, but the ai is a continuous interesting information and may become as knowing as possible, by using : Lets start this project from the ground up. Following each step, one function at a time.
1. Make use of the news site training by saving the user feed back as the training data.
2. the training data should be making note of the way sentences are constructed in the training data choosing to keep track of trends in word combinations by following the topic out into the news articles we can dig so to speak into the public sphere to hunt for reaction.
3. commoner combinations of words after are made into sentence structure and the ai uses those as connectors to build bigger sentences; that make sense, so if the training ai reads over the training data there should be a injection of sentences structures into the training data bellow the words definition and related terms.
4. Dont change the ai or if you can make it more robust and multi dimentional like we talked about all the sensors a computer can have on is our target
5. also appropriate sentences might get created if the training data included user input and the responce from the ai, with a prompt for approving the responce or not even to correct the ai's responce all the way for exp updating the word or sentence inputed at the time, after learning how sentences look and a template like a gradient of words as a visualization of the things the ai is thinking like images being loaded by the ai to show on prompt to show
6. appropriate sentence structures should be made following each sentence in the training data file, further more words that are commonly after others are to be considered useful for main responses from the ai by using related terms found after sentnece analysis.
7. So if : I am a bunny is frequently how we see bunny then the sentence structure creation is aided by noting that those should be made in to combos of words that connect others. in this case 'I am a' being common enough to use as structure for building a larger sentance with nouns and pronouns sprinkled in
8. studing throughally each sentence for all its traits to be compared to all other traits in rows, and look up a series of definitions and wiki's and encyclopedia, making sane sentence formats for using as responces to questions and statements . I have a better idea too words found around common connector words are either a thing or a description-> they should be stored as well for training data so each word might have 2000 words or more, doing the same thing you did with the first sentence the second sentence is a question about words and the world by way of "scanning" rss feeds for todays topics to respond about with the above strategy, branch out to other common words found in the yahoo news and put them under a new plackard display with img and summary in a 4xinfinate grid the summary and articles are made using an advanced model of the above ai attempt, after clicking one and correcting some of it for exp users can type another sentence or it will continuosly train as it explores the internet and more, for learning to use yahoo search to find data to injest.
9. can you rewrite the page again and dont forget to use the database to save answers about news articles as training data as well with the articles stored for training continually on, and reward exp. for the length of the response and if they correct the ai fully they get more exp an appropriate amount, uploads is the folder the images go in to. 
11. A real trading program for exchanging virtual goods could be managed by ai and it would take in information on trends in the market

lets put that into one php page if we can and expand on features like: 1. Make use of the news site training by saving the user feed back as the training data. 2. the training data should be making note of the way sentences are constructed in the training data choosing to keep track of trends in word combinations by following the topic out into the news articles we can dig so to speak into the public sphere to hunt for reaction.
the db is reservesphp2 table word, all columns
user root no pass