the word CGM is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from CGM most commonly refers to:Continuous glucose monitor, a monitoring device for people with diabetes and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/CGM will help.

The word 'allocute' (verb) is defined as: to make an allocution. Additional context from Confession (law) - In the law of criminal evidence, a confession is a statement by a suspect in crime which is adverse to that person., Newton hearing , the equivalent in England and Wales., Criminal procedure, Evidence law. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/allocute
The word 'stumbling-block' (noun) is defined as: Any cause of stumbling, perplexity, or error. We preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumbling-block, and unto the Greeks foolishness. 1 Cor. i. 23.. Additional context from Stumbling block A metaphor for a behavior or attitude that leads another to sin., Stumbling block (monument) A cobblestone-size concrete cube bearing a brass plate inscribed with the name and life dates of..., Stumbling block (philosophy) An object, thing, action or situation that causes an.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/stumbling-block
The word 'checkers' (noun) is defined as: A game, called also daughts, played on a checkerboard by two persons, each having twelve men (counters or checkers) which are moved diagonally. The game is ended when either of the players has lost all his men, or can not move them.. Additional context from Checkers, also known as draughts, is a group of strategy board games for two players which involve forward movements of uniform game pieces and mandatory captures by jumping over opponent pieces. Checkers is developed from alquerque. The term &quot;checkers&quot; derives from the checkered board which the game is played on, whereas &quot;draughts&quot; derives from the verb &quot;to draw&quot; or &quot;to move&quot;.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/checkers
The word 'pungent' (unknown) is defined as: 1. Causing a sharp sensation, as of the taste, smell, or feelings; pricking; biting; acrid; as, a pungent spice. Pungent radish biting infant&#039;s tongue. Shenstone. The pungent grains of titillating dust. Pope. 2. Sharply painful; penetrating; poignant; severe; caustic; stinging. With pungent pains on every side. Swift. His pungent pen played its part in rousing the nation. J. R. Green. 3. (Bot.)  Prickly-pointed; hard and sharp. Syn. -- Acrid; piercing; sharp; penetrating; acute; keen; acrimonious; biting; stinging.. Additional context from Pyruvate scale - The pyruvate scale measures pungency in onions and garlic with units of μmol/gfw. It is named after pyruvic acid, the alpha-keto acid co-product created in the biochemical pathway that forms syn-propanethial-S-oxide, the main lachrymatory agent in onions., Scoville scale - The Scoville scale is a measurement of pungency of chili peppers and other substances, recorded in Scoville heat units. It is based on the concentration of capsaicinoids, among which capsaicin is the predominant component., Thermoception - In physiology, thermoception or thermoreception is the sensation and perception of temperature, or more accurately, temperature differences inferred from heat flux., Gustation, Pain. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pungent
The word 'sea dog' (unknown) is defined as: 1. (Zoöl.)  The dogfish. (b) The common seal. 2. An old sailor; a salt. [Colloq.]. Additional context from Sea Dogs (video game) A 2000 Russian role-playing video game for Microsoft Windows, developed by Akella and published..., Sea-Doo A Canadian brand of personal watercraft and boats manufactured by Bombardier Recreational Products.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sea dog
The word 'hierarchy' (noun) is defined as: 1. Dominion or authority in sacred things. 2. A body of officials disposed organically in ranks and orders each subordinate to the one above it; a body of ecclesiastical rulers. 3. A form of government administered in the church by patriarchs, metropolitans, archbishops, bishops, and, in an inferior degree, by priests. Shipley. 4. A rank or order of holy beings. Standards and gonfalons . . . for distinction serve Of hierarchies, of orders, and degrees. Milton.. Additional context from Hierarchy Category, Is-a - In knowledge representation and ontology components, including for object-oriented programming and design, is-a is a subsumptive relationship between abstractions, wherein one class A is a subclass of another class B. In other words, type A is a subtype of type B when A&#039;s specification implies..., Hypernymy (and supertype )., Has-a - In database design, object-oriented programming and design, has-a is a composition relationship where one object &quot;belongs to&quot; another object, and behaves according to the rules of ownership. In simple words, has-a relationship in an object is called a member field of an object., Meronymy - In linguistics, meronymy is a semantic relation between a meronym denoting a part and a holonym denoting a whole. In simpler terms, a meronym is in a part-of relationship with its holonym. For example, finger is a meronym of hand, which is its holonym., Meronymy - In linguistics, meronymy is a semantic relation between a meronym denoting a part and a holonym denoting a whole. In simpler terms, a meronym is in a part-of relationship with its holonym. For example, finger is a meronym of hand which is its holonym., Structure, Patterns, Political culture. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/hierarchy
The word 'countermeasure' (noun) is defined as: an action or device designed to negate or offset another. Additional context from A countermeasure is a measure or action taken to counter or offset another one. As a general concept, it implies precision and is any technological or tactical solution or system designed to prevent an undesirable outcome in the process. The first known use of the term according to the Merriam-Webster dictionary was in 1923, though Google Books shows a use as early as 1756.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/countermeasure
Related word 'countermeasures' (noun) provides context: an action or device designed to negate or offset another. Sourced from Strategy. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/countermeasures
The word 'estrone' (noun) is defined as: a natural estrogenic hormone that is a ketone C18H22O2 found in the body chiefly as a metabolite of estradiol, that is also secreted especially by the ovaries, and that is used to treat various conditions (such as ovarian failure and menopausal symptoms) relating to estrogen deficiency. Additional context from Estrone (E1), also spelled oestrone, is a steroid, a weak estrogen, and a minor female sex hormone. It is one of three major endogenous estrogens, the others being estradiol and estriol. Estrone, as well as the other estrogens, are synthesized from cholesterol and secreted mainly from the gonads, though they can also be formed from adrenal androgens in adipose tissue. Relative to estradiol, both estrone and estriol have far weaker activity as estrogens. Estrone can be converted into estradiol, and serves mainly as a precursor or metabolic intermediate of estradiol. It is both a precursor and metabolite of estradiol.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/estrone
Related word 'estrones' (noun) provides context: a natural estrogenic hormone that is a ketone C18H22O2 found in the body chiefly as a metabolite of estradiol, that is also secreted especially by the ovaries, and that is used to treat various conditions (such as ovarian failure and menopausal symptoms) relating to estrogen deficiency. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/estrones
Related word 'oestrone' (unknown) provides context: a natural estrogenic hormone that is a ketone C18H22O2 found in the body chiefly as a metabolite of estradiol, that is also secreted especially by the ovaries, and that is used to treat various conditions (such as ovarian failure and menopausal symptoms) relating to estrogen deficiency. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/oestrone
Related word 'oestrones' (unknown) provides context: a natural estrogenic hormone that is a ketone C18H22O2 found in the body chiefly as a metabolite of estradiol, that is also secreted especially by the ovaries, and that is used to treat various conditions (such as ovarian failure and menopausal symptoms) relating to estrogen deficiency. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/oestrones
The word 'BER' (noun) is defined as: jujube. Additional context from BER may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/BER
Related word 'christophany' (noun) provides context: An appearance of Christ, as to his disciples after the crucifixion. CHRIST&#039;S-THORN Christ&#039;s-thorn`, n. (Bot.)  One of several prickly or thorny shrubs found in Palestine, especially the Paliurus aculeatus, Zizyphus Spina-Christi, and Z. vulgaris. The last bears the fruit called jujube, and may be considered to have been the most readily obtainable for the Crown of Thorns.. Sourced from A Christophany is an appearance or non-physical manifestation of Christ. Traditionally the term refers to visions of Christ after his ascension, such as the bright light of the conversion of Paul the Apostle.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/christophany
Related word 'jujube' (noun) provides context: The sweet and edible drupes (fruits) of several Mediterranean and African species small trees, of the genus Zizyphus, especially the Z. jujuba, Z. vulgaris, Z. mucronata, and Z. Lotus. The last named is thought to have furnished the lotus of the ancient Libyan Lotophagi, or lotus eaters. Jujube paste, the dried or inspissated jelly of the jujube; also, a confection made of gum arabic sweetened.. Sourced from Ziziphus, Iranian cuisine, Fruits originating in Asia, Trees of Mediterranean climate, Plants used in traditional Chinese medicine, Dietary supplements, Drought-tolerant trees, Medicinal plants of Asia, Flora of temperate Asia, Garden plants of Asia, Flora of tropical Asia. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/jujube
The word 'calzada' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Calzada or La Calzada may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/calzada
Related word 'A4' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A4 commonly refers to:A4 paper, a paper size defined by the ISO 216 standard, measuring 210 × 297 mm. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A4
Related word 'A5' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A5 and variants may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A5
Related word 'AAAA' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAA may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAA
Related word 'AAAL' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAL may refer to:American Association for Applied Linguistics. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAL
Related word 'AAAS' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAS may refer to:American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a learned society and center for policy research; the publisher of the journal Dædalus. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAS
The word 'transform' (verb) is defined as: 1. To change the form of; to change in shape or appearance; to metamorphose; as, a caterpillar is ultimately transformed into a butterfly. Love may transform me to an oyster. Shak. 2. To change into another substance; to transmute; as, the alchemists sought to transform lead into gold. 3. To change in nature, disposition, heart, character, or the like; to convert. Be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind. Rom. xii. 2. 4. (Math.)  To change, as an algebraic expression or geometrical figure, into another from without altering its value.

To be changed in form; to be metamorphosed. [R.] His hair transforms to down. Addison.. Additional context from Transform fault A fault along a plate boundary where the motion is predominantly horizontal., Transformation (genetics) The genetic alteration of a cell resulting from the direct uptake and incorporation of exogenous..., Integral transform A type of transform that maps a function from its original function space into another function.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/transform
The word 'amazon' (noun) is defined as: 1. One of a fabulous race of female warriors in Scythia; hence, a female warrior. 2. A tall, strong, masculine woman; a virago. 3. (Zoöl.)  A name numerous species of South American parrots of the genus Chrysotis Amazon ant (Zoöl.), a species of ant (Polyergus rufescens), of Europe and America. They seize by conquest the larvæ and nymphs other species and make slaves of them in their own nests.. Additional context from Amazon most often refers to:Amazon River, in South America. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/amazon
The word 'choroidal' (noun) is defined as: Pertaining to the choroid coat.. Additional context from Chorioretinitis - Chorioretinitis is an inflammation of the choroid and retina of the eye. It is a form of posterior uveitis. Inflammation of these layers can lead to vision-threatening complications. If only the choroid is inflamed, not the retina, the condition is termed choroiditis.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/choroidal
The word 'insatiability' (adjective) is defined as: The state or quality of being insatiable; insatiableness. Eagerness for increase of possession deluges the soul, and we sink into the gulfs of insatiability. Rambler.. Additional context from Polish science fiction novels, 20th-century Polish novels, Polish novels, Alternate history novels, Dystopian novels. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/insatiability
The word 'blockage' (noun) is defined as: The act of blocking up; the state of being blocked up.. Additional context from Blockage is a 2017 Iranian drama film directed by Mohsen Gharaie and written by Saeed Roustayi. The film screened for the first time at the 35th Fajr Film Festival and received 4 nominations.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/blockage
The word 'instrumental' (adjective) is defined as: 1. Acting as an instrument; serving as a means; contributing to promote; conductive; helpful; serviceable; as, he was instrumental in conducting the business. The head is not more native to the heart, The hand more instrumental to the mouth. Shak. 2. (Mus.)  Pertaining to, made by, or prepared for, an instrument, esp. a musical instrument; as, instrumental music, distinguished from vocal music. &quot;He defended the use of instrumental music in public worship.&quot; Macaulay. Sweet voices mix&#039;d with instrumental sounds. Dryden. 3. (Gram.)  Applied to a case expressing means or agency; as, the instrumental case. This is found in Sanskrit as a separate case, but in Greek it was merged into the dative, and in Latin into the ablative. In Old English it was a separate case, but has disappeared, leaving only a few anomalous forms. Instrumental errors, those errors in instrumental measurements, etc., which arise, exclusively from want of mathematical accuracy in an instrument.. Additional context from Instrumental An instrumental or instrumental song is music normally without any vocals, although it might..., Instrumental case A grammatical case used to indicate that a noun is the instrument or means by or with which the..., Instrumentals (Adrianne Lenker album) Songs and Instrumentals are two studio albums by Adrianne Lenker, both released by 4AD on October.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/instrumental
The word 'ellipsoidal' (noun) is defined as: Pertaining to, or shaped like, an ellipsoid; as, ellipsoid or ellipsoidal form.. Additional context from Ellipsoidal dome - An ellipsoidal dome is a dome, which has bottom cross-section taking the form of an circle, but has a cupola whose curve is elliptical. There are two types, the prolate ellipsoidal dome and the oblate ellipsoidal dome., Ellipsoidal coordinates - Ellipsoidal coordinates are a three-dimensional orthogonal coordinate system that generalizes the two-dimensional elliptic coordinate system., Elliptical distribution , in statistics., Flattening , also called ellipticity and oblateness , is a measure of the compression of a circle or sphere along a diameter to form an ellipse or an ellipsoid of revolution (spheroid), respectively., Focaloid , a shell bounded by two concentric, confocal ellipsoids., Geodesics on an ellipsoid - The study of geodesics on an ellipsoid arose in connection with geodesy specifically with the solution of triangulation networks. The figure of the Earth is well approximated by an oblate ellipsoid, a slightly flattened sphere., Quadrics, Geometric shapes. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ellipsoidal
Related word 'ellipsoid' (noun) provides context: A solid, all plane sections of which are ellipses or circles. See Conoid, n., 2 (a). Note: The ellipsoid has three principal plane sections, a, b, and c, each at right angles to the other two, and each dividing the solid into two equal and symmetrical parts. The lines of meeting of these principal sections are the axes, or principal diameters of the ellipsoid. The point where the three planes meet is the center. Ellipsoid of revolution, a spheroid; a solid figure generated by the revolution of an ellipse about one of its axes. It is called a prolate spheroid, or prolatum, when the ellipse is revolved about the major axis, and an oblate spheroid, or oblatum, when it is revolved about the minor axis.

Pertaining to, or shaped like, an ellipsoid; as, ellipsoid or ellipsoidal form.. Sourced from Ellipsoidal dome - An ellipsoidal dome is a dome, which has bottom cross-section taking the form of an circle, but has a cupola whose curve is elliptical. There are two types, the prolate ellipsoidal dome and the oblate ellipsoidal dome., Ellipsoidal coordinates - Ellipsoidal coordinates are a three-dimensional orthogonal coordinate system that generalizes the two-dimensional elliptic coordinate system., Elliptical distribution , in statistics., Flattening , also called ellipticity and oblateness , is a measure of the compression of a circle or sphere along a diameter to form an ellipse or an ellipsoid of revolution (spheroid), respectively., Focaloid , a shell bounded by two concentric, confocal ellipsoids., Geodesics on an ellipsoid - The study of geodesics on an ellipsoid arose in connection with geodesy specifically with the solution of triangulation networks. The figure of the Earth is well approximated by an oblate ellipsoid, a slightly flattened sphere., Quadrics, Geometric shapes. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ellipsoid
The word 'filioque' (unknown) is defined as: The Latin for, &quot;and from the Son,&quot; equivalent to et filio, inserted by the third council of Toledo (a. d. 589) in the clause qui ex Patre procedit (who proceedeth from the Father) of the Niceno- Constantinopolitan Creed (a. d. 381), which makes a creed state that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Son as well as from the Father. Hence, the doctrine itself (not admitted by the Eastern Church).. Additional context from Filioque, a Latin term meaning &quot;and from the Son,&quot; was added to the original Nicene Creed, and has been the subject of great controversy between Eastern and Western Christianity. The term refers to the Son, Jesus Christ, with the Father, as the one shared origin of the Holy Spirit. It is not in the original text of the Creed, attributed to the First Council of Constantinople (381), which says that the Holy Spirit proceeds &quot;from the Father&quot; without the addition &quot;and the Son&quot;.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/filioque
The word 'spoonbill' (noun) is defined as: (a) Any one of several species of wading birds of the genera Ajaja and Platalea, and allied genera, in which the long bill is broadly expanded and flattened at the tip. Note: The roseate spoonbill of America (Ajaja ajaja), and the European spoonbill (Platalea leucorodia) are the best known. The royal spoonbill (P. regia) of Australia is white, with the skin in front of the eyes naked and black. The male in the breeding season has a fine crest. (b) The shoveler. See Shoveler, 2. (c) The ruddy duck. See under Ruddy. (d) The paddlefish.. Additional context from Spoonbill A genus, Platalea, of large, long-legged wading birds., Spoonbill catfish A species of basal ray-finned fish closely related to sturgeons in the order Acipenseriformes., USS Spoonbill (MSC-202) A acquired by the US Navy for clearing coastal minefields., Shoveler The shovelers or shovellers are four species of dabbling ducks with long, broad spatula-shaped.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/spoonbill
The word 'Centaurium' (noun) is defined as: Genus of flowering plants in the gentian family Gentianaceae. Additional context from Centaurium (centaury) is a genus of 20 species in the gentian family (Gentianaceae), tribe Chironieae, subtribe Chironiinae. The genus was named after the centaur Chiron, famed in Greek mythology for his skill in medicinal herbs. It is distributed across Europe and Asia.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Centaurium
The word 'phantasm' (unknown) is defined as: 1. An image formed by the mind, and supposed to be real or material; a shadowy or airy appearance; sometimes, an optical illusion; a phantom; a dream. They be but phantasms or apparitions. Sir W. Raleigh. 2. A mental image or representation of a real object; a fancy; a notion. Cudworth. Figures or little features, of which the description had produced in you no phantasm or expectation. Jer. Taylor.. Additional context from Phantasm (film) A 1979 American science fantasy horror film that was directed, written, photographed, and edited..., Phantasmagoria (video game) A point-and-click adventure horror video game designed by Roberta Williams for MS-DOS and..., Batman: Mask of the Phantasm A 1993 American animated romantic superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Batman., Apparitional experience An anomalous experience characterized by the apparent perception of either a living being or an..., Ghost The soul or spirit of a dead person or non-human animal that is believed to be able to appear to.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/phantasm
The word 'bigheads' (noun) is defined as: British television series. Additional context from Bigheads is a British television game show produced by Primal Media that aired on ITV From 23 April 2017 until 28 May 2017 and is hosted by Jason Manford with Jenny Powell and Kriss Akabusi as commentators. Contestants were dressed as celebrities with oversized heads that designed to be based from Spitting Image and Newzoids by competing in challenges and were eliminated until a winner was decided.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bigheads
Related word 'brassic' (unknown) provides context: British television series. Sourced from Brassic is a British comedy-drama television series created by Joe Gilgun and Danny Brocklehurst for Sky One and became Sky&#039;s most successful comedy series in seven years. The series follows the lives of Vinnie O&#039;Neill (Gilgun) and his friends in the fictional town of Hawley. Other primary cast members include Michelle Keegan, Damien Molony, Tom Hanson, Aaron Heffernan, Ryan Sampson, Parth Thakerar and Steve Evets.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/brassic
Related word 'breathtaking' (adjective) provides context: British Television series. Sourced from Breathtaking is a British medical drama television series, written by Rachel Clarke, Jed Mercurio, and Prasanna Puwanarajah, based on Clarke&#039;s 2021 memoir of the same name on the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. It stars Joanne Froggatt and was directed by Craig Viveiros.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/breathtaking
The word 'citole' (noun) is defined as: A musical instrument; a kind of dulcimer. [Obs.]. Additional context from The citole was a string musical instrument, closely associated with the medieval fiddles and commonly used from 1200–1350. It was known by other names in various languages: cedra, cetera, cetola, cetula, cistola, citola, citula, citera, chytara, cistole, cithar, cuitole, cythera, cythol, cytiole, cytolys, gytolle, sitole, sytholle, sytole, and zitol. Like the modern guitar, it was manipulated at the neck to get different notes, and picked or strummed with a plectrum. Although it was largely out of use by the late 14th century, the Italians &quot;re-introduced it in modified form&quot; in the 16th century as the cetra, and it may have influenced the development of the guitar as well. It was also a pioneering instrument in England, introducing the populace to necked, plucked instruments, giving people the concepts needed to quickly switch to the newly arriving lutes and gitterns. Two possible descendant instruments are the Portuguese guitar and the Corsican Cetera, both types of cittern.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/citole
The word 'intend' (verb) is defined as: 1. To stretch&#039; to extend; to distend. [Obs.] By this the lungs are intended or remitted. Sir M. Hale. 2. To strain; to make tense. [Obs.] When a bow is successively intended and remedied. Cudworth. 3. To intensify; to strengthen. [Obs.] Sir T. Browne. Magnetism may be intended and remitted. Sir I. Newton. 4. To apply with energy. Let him intend his mind, without respite, without rest, in one direction. Emerson. 5. To bend or turn; to direct, as one&#039;s course or journey. [Archaic] Shak. 6. To fix the mind on; to attend to; to take care of; to superintend; to regard. [Obs.] Having no children, she did, with singular care and tenderness, intend the education of Philip. Bacon. My soul, not being able to intend two things at once, abated of its fervency in praying. Fuller. 7. To fix the mind upon (something to be accomplished); to be intent upon; to mean; to design; to plan; to purpose; -- often followed by an infinitely with to, or a dependent clause with that; as, he intends to go; he intends that she shall remain. They intended evil against thee. Ps. xxi. 11. To-morrow he intends To hunt the boar with certain of his friends. Shak. 8. To design mechanically or artistically; to fashion; to mold. [Obs.] Modesty was made When she was first intended. Beau. &amp; Fl. 9. To pretend; to counterfeit; to simulate. [Obs.] Intend a kind of zeal both to the prince and Claudio. Shak. Syn. -- To purpose; mean; design; plan; conceive; contemplate.. Additional context from Intendant And sometimes still is a usually public official, especially in France, Spain, Portugal, and..., Intended reader The term used for the hypothetical average person who is the target audience for a product., Intending cross A cross-shaped memorial to commemorate a special event or an incident, typically where one or.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/intend
The word 'annihilationism' (noun) is defined as: Doctrine that the unsaved cease to exist at death. Additional context from In Christianity, annihilationism is the belief that after the Last Judgment, all damned humans and fallen angels including Satan will be totally destroyed, cremated, and their consciousness extinguished rather than suffering forever in Hell. Annihilationism stands in contrast to both the belief in eternal torment and the belief that everyone will be saved (&quot;universalism&quot;). However, it is also possible to hold to a partial annihilationism, believing unsaved humans to be obliterated or cremated, but demonic beings to suffer forever.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/annihilationism
The word 'retort' (verb (1)) is defined as: 1. To bend or curve back; as, a retorted line. With retorted head, pruned themselves as they floated. Southey. 2. To throw back; to reverberate; to reflect. As when his virtues, shining upon others, Heat them and they retort that heat again To the first giver. Shak. 3. To return, as an argument, accusation, censure, or incivility; as, to retort the charge of vanity. And with retorted scorn his back he turned. Milton.

To return an argument or a charge; to make a severe reply. Pope.

1. The return of, or reply to, an argument, charge, censure, incivility, taunt, or witticism; a quick and witty or severe response. This is called the retort courteous. Shak. 2. Etym: [F. retorte (cf. Sp. retorta), fr. L. retortus, p. p. of retorquere. So named from its bent shape. See Retort, v. t.] (Chem. &amp; the Arts)  A vessel in which substances are subjected to distillation or decomposition by heat. It is made of different forms and materials for different uses, as a bulb of glass with a curved beak to enter a receiver for general chemical operations, or a cylinder or semicylinder of cast iron for the manufacture of gas in gas works. Tubulated retort (Chem.), a retort having a tubulure for the introduction or removal of the substances which are to be acted upon. Syn. -- Repartee; answer. -- Retort, Repartee. A retort is a short and pointed reply, turning back on an assailant the arguments, censure, or derision he had thrown out. A repartee is usually a good-natured return to some witty or sportive remark.. Additional context from Alembic - An alembic is an alchemical still consisting of two vessels connected by a tube, used for distillation of liquids., Retort pouch - A retort pouch or retortable pouch is a type of food packaging made from a laminate of flexible plastic and metal foils. It allows the sterile packaging of a wide variety of food and drink handled by aseptic processing, and is used as an alternative to traditional industrial canning methods., Retort stand - In chemistry, a retort stand, also called a clamp stand, a ring stand, or a support stand, is a piece of scientific equipment intended to support other pieces of equipment and glassware — for instance, burettes, test tubes and flasks., Alchemical tools, Laboratory glassware. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/retort
The word 'Byhalia' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Byhalia may refer to:Byhalia, Mississippi. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Byhalia
The word 'africans' (noun) is defined as: a native or inhabitant of Africa. Additional context from African Union A continental union consisting of 55 member states located on the continent of Africa.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/africans
The word 'accountable' (adjective) is defined as: 1. Liable to be called on to render an account; answerable; as, every man is accountable to God for his conduct. 2. Capable of being accounted for; explicable. [R.] True religion . . . intelligible, rational, and accountable, -- not a burden but a privilege. B. Whichcote. Syn. -- Amenable; responsible; liable; answerable.. Additional context from Accountability Category. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/accountable
The word 'thane' (noun) is defined as: A dignitary under the Anglo-Saxons and Danes in England. Of these there were two orders, the king&#039;s thanes, who attended the kings in their courts and held lands immediately of them, and the ordinary thanes, who were lords of manors and who had particular jurisdiction within their limits. After the Conquest, this title was disused, and baron took its place. Note: Among the ancient Scots, thane was a title of honor, which seems gradually to have declined in its significance. Jamieson.. Additional context from Thane A metropolitan city located on the northwestern side of the state of Maharashtra in India., Thane district A district in the Konkan Division of Maharashtra, India., Thane (Scotland) The title given to a local royal official in medieval eastern Scotland, equivalent in rank to the.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/thane
The word 'catenated' (verb) is defined as: to connect in a series : link. Additional context from Backbone chain - In polymer science, the backbone chain or simply backbone of a polymer is the main chain of a polymer. Polymers are often classified according to the elements in the main chains. The character of the backbone, i.e. its flexibility, determines the properties of the polymer., Chain-growth polymerization - Chain-growth polymerization or chain-growth polymerisation is a polymerization technique where unsaturated monomer molecules add onto the active site on a growing polymer chain one at a time., Macromolecule - A macromolecule is a very large molecule important to biological processes, such as a protein or nucleic acid. It is composed of thousands of covalently bonded atoms. Many macromolecules are polymers of smaller molecules called monomers., Aromaticity - In organic chemistry, aromaticity is a chemical property describing the way in which a conjugated ring of unsaturated bonds, lone pairs, or empty orbitals exhibits a stabilization stronger than would be expected by the stabilization of conjugation alone., Polyhalogen ions - Polyhalogen ions are a group of polyatomic cations and anions containing halogens only. The ions can be classified into two classes, isopolyhalogen ions which contain one type of halogen only, and heteropolyhalogen ions with more than one type of halogen., Polysulfides - Polysulfides are a class of chemical compounds derived from anionic chains of sulfur atoms. There are two main classes of polysulfides: inorganic and organic. The inorganic polysulfides have the general formula S²⁻ ₙ. These anions are the conjugate bases of polysulfanes H₂Sₙ., Inorganic chemistry, Organic chemistry. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/catenated
Related word 'catenating' (verb) provides context: to connect in a series : link. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/catenating
The word 'undone' (adjective) is defined as: p. p. of Undo.

Not done or performed; neglected.. Additional context from Undone (TV series) An American adult animated psychological comedy drama television series created by Kate Purdy and..., Undone (short story collection) The seventh in a series of collections of short stories by Australian author Paul Jennings., Undone (Slaughter novel) A 2009 novel by bestselling author Karin Slaughter that combines characters from her Atlanta.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/undone
The word 'pseudomorphism' (unknown) is defined as: The state of having, or the property of taking, a crystalline form unlike that which belongs to the species.. Additional context from Polymorphism (materials science) - In crystallography, polymorphism is the phenomenon where a compound or element can crystallize into more than one crystal structure. The preceding definition has evolved over many years and is still under discussion today., Mineralogy. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pseudomorphism
The word 'bootee' (noun) is defined as: A half boot or short boot.. Additional context from A bootee is a short soft sock or bootlike garment used for warmth or protection. Bootees for babies are usually thick and knitted, to keep the baby&#039;s feet warm. Dog booties for dogs such as sledge dogs in very cold Arctic conditions protect the animal from the cold and sharp ice. Booties worn over the shoes in cold-weather biking similarly protect cyclists.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bootee
The word 'frightfulness' (adjective) is defined as: The quality of being frightful.. Additional context from Fear Category, Phobia - A phobia is an anxiety disorder, defined by an irrational, unrealistic, persistent and excessive fear of an object or situation. Phobias typically result in a rapid onset of fear and are usually present for more than six months., Appeal to fear - An appeal to fear is a fallacy in which a person attempts to create support for an idea by attempting to increase fear towards an alternative. An appeal to fear is related to the broader strategy of fear appeal and is a common tactic in marketing, politics, and media., Culture of fear - Culture of fear is the concept that people may incite fear in the general public to achieve political or workplace goals through emotional bias. It was developed as a sociological framework by Frank Furedi and has been more recently popularized by the American sociologist Barry Glassner., Ecology of fear - The ecology of fear is a conceptual framework describing the psychological impact that predator-induced stress experienced by animals has on populations and ecosystems., Hysteria - Hysteria is a term used to mean ungovernable emotional excess and can refer to a temporary state of mind or emotion. In the nineteenth century, female hysteria was considered a diagnosable physical illness in women., Nightmare - A nightmare, also known as a bad dream, is an unpleasant dream that can cause a strong emotional response from the mind, typically fear but also despair, anxiety, disgust or sadness. The dream may contain situations of discomfort, psychological or physical terror, or panic., Evolutionary psychology, Emotions. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/frightfulness
The word 'anode' (noun) is defined as: The positive pole of an electric battery, or more strictly the electrode by which the current enters the electrolyte on its way to the other pole; -- opposed to cathode.. Additional context from An anode is an electrode of a polarized electrical device through which conventional current enters the device. This contrasts with a cathode, an electrode of the device through which conventional current leaves the device. A common mnemonic is ACID, for &quot;anode current into device&quot;. The direction of conventional current in a circuit is opposite to the direction of electron flow, so electrons flow from the anode of a galvanic cell, into an outside or external circuit connected to the cell. For example, the end of a household battery marked with a &quot;+&quot; is the cathode.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anode
The word 'limbo' (noun (1)) is defined as: 1. (Scholastic Theol.)  An extramundane region where certain classes of souls were supposed to await the judgment. As far from help as Limbo is from bliss. Shak. A Limbo large and broad, since called The Paradise of fools. Milton. Note: The limbus patrum was considered as a place for the souls of good men who lived before the coming of our Savior. The limbus infantium was said to be a similar place for the souls of unbaptized infants. To these was added, in the popular belief, the limbus fatuorum, or fool&#039;s paradise, regarded as a receptacle of all vanity and nonsense. 2. Hence: Any real or imaginary place of restraint or confinement; a prison; as, to put a man in limbo. 3. (Anat.)  A border or margin; as, the limbus of the cornea. Etym: Jamaican E limba to bend, fr. E. limber (1950)]. Often performed at celebrations, such as weddings. (1950-1996). Additional context from First circle of hell - The first circle of hell is depicted in Dante Alighieri&#039;s 14th-century poem Inferno, the first part of the Divine Comedy. Inferno tells the story of Dante&#039;s journey through a vision of hell ordered into nine circles corresponding to classifications of sin., Intermediate state - In some forms of Christianity the intermediate state or interim state is a person&#039;s existence between death and the universal resurrection. In addition, there are beliefs in a particular judgment right after death and a general judgment or last judgment after the resurrection., Matarta in Mandaeism., Shatrin in Mandaeism., Spirit world (Latter Day Saints) - In Latter Day Saints theology, the term spirit world refers to the realm where the spirits of the dead await the resurrection., Spirits in prison - The spirits in prison is a recurrent minor subject in the writings of Christianity.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/limbo
The word 'disarm' (verb) is defined as: 1. To deprive of arms; to take away the weapons of; to deprive of the means of attack or defense; to render defenseless. Security disarms the best-appointed army. Fuller. The proud was half disarmed of pride. Tennyson. 2. To deprive of the means or the disposition to harm; to render harmless or innocuous; as, to disarm a man&#039;s wrath.. Additional context from &quot;Disarm&quot; is a song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins, written by vocalist and guitarist Billy Corgan. It was the third single from their second album, Siamese Dream (1993), and became a top-20 hit in Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/disarm
The word 'mezcal' (unknown) is defined as: Same as Mescal.. Additional context from Cocuy - Cocuy is a liquor distilled from the fermented juices of the head, body or leaves of agave. In Venezuela, Agave cocui is used to artisanally produce the drink in Falcón and Lara. With a taste similar to other agave-based liquors such as tequila and mezcal, it is known as the Tequila of Venezuela., Kahlúa - Kahlúa is a brand of coffee liqueur owned by the Pernod Ricard company and produced in Veracruz, Mexico. The drink contains rum, sugar, and arabica coffee., Mexican beer - History of beer in Mexico dates from the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire., Mexican cuisine - Mexican cuisine consists of the cooking cuisines and traditions of the modern country of Mexico. Its earliest roots lie in Mesoamerican cuisine., Mexican wine - Mexican wine and wine making began with the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th century, when they brought vines from Europe to modern day Mexico, the oldest wine-growing region in the Americas., Miske - Miske is an Ecuadorean distilled alcoholic beverage made from the sap of agave plants. Miske is similar to Mexican mezcal, but is made from the sap, called chawarmishki in Ecuador, rather than the cooked heart, which is used in mezcal., Mexican distilled drinks, Insects as food, Distilled drinks. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/mezcal
The word 'Antiarcha' (plural noun) is defined as: a subclass or other division of Placodermi comprising small Devonian freshwater ostracoderms having complex bony armor on the anterior part of the body and a pair of pectoral appendages resembling paddles. Additional context from Antiarchi Category, Prehistoric fish orders. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Antiarcha
The word 'naturality' (unknown) is defined as: Nature; naturalness. [R.]. Additional context from Extranatural transformation - In mathematics, specifically in category theory, an extranatural transformation is a generalization of the notion of natural transformation., Universal property - In category theory, a branch of mathematics, a universal property is an important property which is satisfied by a universal morphism., Higher category theory - In mathematics, higher category theory is the part of category theory at a higher order, which means that some equalities are replaced by explicit arrows in order to be able to explicitly study the structure behind those equalities.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/naturality
The word 'chainer' (noun) is defined as: Machine learning software. Additional context from Chainer is an open source deep learning framework written purely in Python on top of NumPy and CuPy Python libraries. The development is led by Japanese venture company Preferred Networks in partnership with IBM, Intel, Microsoft, and Nvidia.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chainer
The word 'addiction' (noun) is defined as: The state of being addicted; devotion; inclination. &quot;His addiction was to courses vain.&quot; Shak. ADDISON&#039;S DISEASE Ad&quot;di*son&#039;s dis*ease&quot;. Etym: [Named from Thomas Addison, M. D., of London, who first described it.] (Med.)  A morbid condition causing a peculiar brownish discoloration of the skin, and thought, at one time, to be due to disease of the suprarenal capsules (two flat triangular bodies covering the upper part of the kidneys), but now known not to be dependent upon this causes exclusively. It is usually fatal.. Additional context from Addiction is a neuropsychological disorder characterized by a persistent and intense urge to use a drug or engage in a behaviour that produces natural reward, despite substantial harm and other negative consequences. Repetitive drug use often alters brain function in ways that perpetuate craving, and weakens self-control. This phenomenon – drugs reshaping brain function – has led to an understanding of addiction as a brain disorder with a complex variety of psychosocial as well as neurobiological factors that are implicated in addiction&#039;s development. Classic signs of addiction include compulsive engagement in rewarding stimuli, preoccupation with substances or behavior, and continued use despite negative consequences. Habits and patterns associated with addiction are typically characterized by immediate gratification, coupled with delayed deleterious effects.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/addiction
The word 'cathedralic' (unknown) is defined as: Cathedral. [R.]. Additional context from Catholic Marian church buildings - Catholic Marian churches are religious buildings dedicated to the veneration of the Blessed Virgin Mary. These churches were built throughout the history of the Catholic Church, and today they can be found on every continent including Antarctica.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cathedralic
The word 'quickness' (unknown) is defined as: 1. The condition or quality of being quick or living; life. [Obs.] Touch it with thy celestial quickness. Herbert. 2. Activity; briskness; especially, rapidity of motion; speed; celerity; as, quickness of wit. This deed . . . must send thee hence With fiery quickness. Shak. His mind had, indeed, great quickness and vigor. Macaulay. 3. Acuteness of perception; keen sensibility. Would not quickness of sensation be an inconvenience to an animal that must lie still Locke 4. Sharpness; pungency of taste. Mortimer. Syn. -- Velocity; celerity; rapidity; speed; haste; expedition; promptness; dispatch; swiftness; nimbleness; fleetness; agility; briskness; liveliness; readiness; sagacity; shrewdness; shrewdness; sharpness; keenness.. Additional context from Albums produced by Ron Saint Germain, Bad Brains albums, Caroline Records albums. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/quickness
The word 'malay' (noun) is defined as: One of a race of a brown or copper complexion in the Malay Peninsula and the western islands of the Indian Archipelago.

Of or pertaining to the Malays or their country. -- n.  The Malay language. Malay apple (Bot.), a myrtaceous tree (Eugenia Malaccensis) common in India; also, its applelike fruit.. Additional context from Malaysia A country in Southeast Asia., Malay language An Austronesian language that is an official language of Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, and..., Malays (ethnic group) An Austronesian ethnic group native to eastern Sumatra, the Malay Peninsula and coastal Borneo.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/malay
The word 'rune' (unknown) is defined as: 1. A letter, or character, belonging to the written language of the ancient Norsemen, or Scandinavians; in a wider sense, applied to the letters of the ancient nations of Northern Europe in general. Note: The Norsemen had a peculiar alphabet, consisting of sixteen letters, or characters, called runes, the origin of which is lost in the remotest antiquity. The signification of the word rune (mystery) seems to allude to the fact that originally only a few were acquainted with the use of these marks, and that they were mostly applied to secret tricks, witchcrafts and enchantments. But the runes were also used in communication by writing. 2. pl.  Old Norse poetry expressed in runes. Runes were upon his tongue, As on the warrior&#039;s sword. Longfellow. Rune stone, a stone bearing a runic inscription.. Additional context from Runes The letters in a set of related alphabets known as runic alphabets., Rune (video game) An action-adventure video game developed by Human Head Studios which was released in 2000., Runes (album) The third studio album by British metalcore band Bury Tomorrow.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/rune
The word 'Bael' (N/A) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Bael may refer to:Aegle marmelos, commonly known as bael, a species of tree. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bael
The word 'centones' (noun) is defined as: a literary work made up of parts from other works. Additional context from Cento A town and comune in the province of Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna, Italy., Quattrocento The cultural and artistic events of Italy during the period 1400 to 1499 are collectively..., Trecento The Trecento refers to the 14th century in Italian cultural history., Italian A Romance language of the Indo-European language family., Duecento The Italian word for the Italian culture during the 13th century., Cinquecento The cultural and artistic events of Italy during the period 1500 to 1599 are collectively..., Seicento The Seicento is Italian history and culture during the 17th century., Settecento The 18th century lasted from January 1, 1701 to December 31, 1800., Ottocento A century that began on January 1, 1801, and ended on December 31, 1900., Metodija Andonov-Čento A Macedonian statesman, the first president of the Anti-Fascist Assembly of the National..., Cento (poetry) A poetical work wholly composed of verses or passages taken from other authors, especially the..., Centonization A theory about the composition of a melody, melodies, or piece based on pre-existing melodic..., Dobels Cento A horse who competed in International Grand Prix show jumping competitions., CENTO A military alliance of the Cold War., Novecento See related meanings for the word &#039;Novecento&#039;.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/centones
Related word 'centos' (noun) provides context: a literary work made up of parts from other works. Sourced from CentOS A Linux distribution that provides a free, community-supported computing platform functionally..., CENTOS (charity) A Polish-Jewish children&#039;s-aid society.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/centos
The word 'quarter-saw' (unknown) is defined as: To saw (a log) into quarters; specif., to saw into quarters and then into boards, as by cutting alternately from each face of a quarter, to secure lumber that will warp relatively little or show the grain advantageously.. Additional context from Board foot - The board foot or board-foot is a unit of measurement for the volume of lumber in the United States and Canada. It equals the volume of a board that is one foot in length, one foot in width, and one inch in thickness., Woodworking. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/quarter-saw
The word 'hibiscus' (noun) is defined as: A genus of plants (herbs, shrubs, or trees), some species of which have large, showy flowers. Some species are cultivated in India for their fiber, which is used as a substitute for hemp. See Althea, Hollyhock, and Manoe.. Additional context from Hibiscus A genus of flowering plants in the mallow family, Malvaceae., Hibiscus tea A herbal tea made as an infusion from crimson or deep magenta-colored calyces of the roselle flower., Hibiscus (entertainer) An American actor and performance artist.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/hibiscus
The word 'cabalistic' (adjective) is defined as: Of or pertaining to the cabala; containing or conveying an occult meaning; mystic. The Heptarchus is a cabalistic of the first chapter of Genesis. Hallam.. Additional context from Cabal A group of people who are united in some close design, usually to promote their private views or.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cabalistic
Related word 'cabalistical' (unknown) provides context: Of or pertaining to the cabala; containing or conveying an occult meaning; mystic. The Heptarchus is a cabalistic of the first chapter of Genesis. Hallam.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cabalistical
The word 'cinques' (noun) is defined as: five. Additional context from Cinque Terre A coastal area within Liguria, in the northwest of Italy., Cinque Ports A historic group of coastal towns in south-east England – predominantly in Kent and Sussex, with..., Cinquecento The cultural and artistic events of Italy during the period 1500 to 1599 are collectively.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cinques
Related word 'alcaic' (adjective) provides context: Pertaining to Alcæus, a lyric poet of Mitylene, about 6000 b. c. -- n. A kind of verse, so called from Alcæus. One variety consists of five feet, a spondee or iambic, an iambic, a long syllable, and two dactyls.. Sourced from Stanzaic form. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/alcaic
Related word 'ambition' (noun) provides context: 1. The act of going about to solicit or obtain an office, or any other object of desire; canvassing. [Obs.] [I] used no ambition to commend my deeds. Milton. 2. An eager, and sometimes an inordinate, desire for preferment, honor, superiority, power, or the attainment of something. Cromwell, I charge thee, fling a way ambition: By that sin fell the angels. Shak. The pitiful ambition of possessing five or six thousand more acres. Burke.

To seek after ambitiously or eagerly; to covet. [R.] Pausanias, ambitioning the sovereignty of Greece, bargains with Xerxes for his daughter in marriage. Trumbull.. Sourced from Ambition, Ambitions or Ambitious may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ambition
Related word 'age' (noun) provides context: 1. The whole duration of a being, whether animal, vegetable, or other kind; lifetime. Mine age is as nothing before thee. Ps. xxxix. 5. 2. That part of the duration of a being or a thing which is between its beginning and any given time; as, what is the present age of a man, or of the earth 3. The latter part of life; an advanced period of life; seniority; state of being old. Nor wrong mine age with this indignity. Shak. 4. One of the stages of life; as, the age of infancy, of youth, etc. Shak. 5. Mature age; especially, the time of life at which one attains full personal rights and capacities; as, to come of age; he (or she) is of age. Abbott. Note: In the United States, both males and females are of age when twenty-one years old. 6. The time of life at which some particular power or capacity is understood to become vested; as, the age of consent; the age of discretion. Abbott. 7. A particular period of time in history, as distinguished from others; as, the golden age, the age of Pericles. &quot;The spirit of the age.&quot; Prescott. Truth, in some age or other, will find her witness. Milton. Archeological ages are designated as three: The Stone age (the early and the later stone age, called paleolithic and neolithic), the Bronze age, and the Iron age. During the Age of Stone man is supposed to have employed stone for weapons and implements. See Augustan, Brazen, Golden, Heroic, Middle. 8. A great period in the history of the Earth. Note: The geologic ages are as follows: 1. The Archæan, including the time when was no life and the time of the earliest and simplest forms of life. 2. The age of Invertebrates, or the Silurian, when the life on the globe consisted distinctively of invertebrates. 3. The age of Fishes, or the Devonian, when fishes were the dominant race. 4. The age of Coal Plants, or Acrogens, or the Carboniferous age. 5. The Mesozoic or Secondary age, or age of Reptiles, when reptiles prevailed in great numbers and of vast size. 6. The Tertiary age, or age of Mammals, when the mammalia, or quadrupeds, abounded, and were the dominant race. 7. The Quaternary age, or age of Man, or the modern era. Dana. 9. A century; the period of one hundred years. Fleury . . . apologizes for these five ages. Hallam. 10. The people who live at a particular period; hence, a generation. &quot;Ages yet unborn.&quot; Pope. The way which the age follows. J. H. Newman. Lo! where the stage, the poor, degraded stage, Holds its warped mirror to a gaping age. C. Sprague. 11. A long time. [Colloq.] &quot;He made minutes an age.&quot; Tennyson. Age of a tide, the time from the origin of a tide in the South Pacific Ocean to its arrival at a given place. -- Moon&#039;s age, the time that has elapsed since the last preceding conjunction of the sun and moon. Note: Age is used to form the first part of many compounds; as, agelasting, age-adorning, age-worn, age-enfeebled, agelong. Syn. -- Time; period; generation; date; era; epoch.

To grow aged; to become old; to show marks of age; as, he grew fat as h. Sourced from Age or AGE may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/age
Related word 'above' (adverb) provides context: 1. In or to a higher place; higher than; on or over the upper surface; over; -- opposed to below or beneath. Fowl that may fly above the earth. Gen. i. 20. 2. Figuratively, higher than; superior to in any respect; surpassing; beyond; higher in measure or degree than; as, things above comprehension; above mean actions; conduct above reproach. &quot;Thy worth . . . is actions above my gifts.&quot; Marlowe. I saw in the way a light from heaven above the brightness of the sun. Acts xxxvi. 13. 3. Surpassing in number or quantity; more than; as, above a hundred. (Passing into the adverbial sense. See Above, adv., 4.) above all, before every other consideration; chiefly; in preference to other things. Over and above, prep. or adv., besides; in addition to.

1. In a higher place; overhead; into or from heaven; as, the clouds above. 2. Earlier in order; higher in the same page; hence, in a foregoing page. &quot;That was said above.&quot; Dryden. 3. Higher in rank or power; as, he appealed to the court above. 4. More than; as, above five hundred were present. Note: Above is often used elliptically as an adjective by omitting the word mentioned, quoted, or the like; as, the above observations, the above reference, the above articles. -- Above is also used substantively. &quot;The waters that come down from above.&quot; Josh. iii. 13. It is also used as the first part of a compound in the sense of before, previously; as, above-cited, above- described, above-mentioned, above-named, abovesaid, abovespecified, above-written, above-given.. Sourced from Above may refer to:Above (artist), Tavar Zawacki, contemporary urban artist. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/above
Related word 'ascent' (noun) provides context: 1. The act of rising; motion upward; rise; a mounting upward; as, he made a tedious ascent; the ascent of vapors from the earth. To him with swift ascent he up returned. Milton. 2. The way or means by which one ascends. 3. An eminence, hill, or high place. Addison. 4. The degree of elevation of an object, or the angle it makes with a horizontal line; inclination; rising grade; as, a road has an ascent of five degrees.. Sourced from Ascent or The Ascent may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ascent
The word 'cantar' (N/A) is defined as: 1. A weight used in southern Europe and East for heavy articles. It varies in different localities; thus, at Rome it is nearly 75 pounds, in Sardinia nearly 94 pounds, in Cairo it is 95 pounds, in Syria about 503 pounds. 2. A liquid measure in Spain, ranging from two and a half to four gallons. Simmonds.. Additional context from The cantar is a form of classical Spanish canción, song or poem.Cantar de mio Cid, &quot;The Song of my Cid&quot;. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cantar
Related word 'cantarro' (unknown) provides context: 1. A weight used in southern Europe and East for heavy articles. It varies in different localities; thus, at Rome it is nearly 75 pounds, in Sardinia nearly 94 pounds, in Cairo it is 95 pounds, in Syria about 503 pounds. 2. A liquid measure in Spain, ranging from two and a half to four gallons. Simmonds.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cantarro
The word 'Bhairavi' (unknown) is defined as: Hindu goddess. Additional context from Bhairavi is a Hindu goddess, described as one of the Mahāvidyas, the ten avatars of the mother goddess. She is the consort of Dakṣiṇāmūrti.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bhairavi
Related word 'Bhavani' (unknown) provides context: Hindu goddess. Sourced from Bhavānī is an epithet associated with Adi Shakti (Durga). Bhavani translates to &quot;giver of life,&quot; meaning the power of nature or the source of creative energy. She is considered to be a nurturing mother figure who provides for her devotees and also plays the role of dispensing justice by killing evil Asuras.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bhavani
Related word 'kalis' (noun) provides context: the Hindu goddess of death and destruction. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/kalis
Related word 'Mariamman' (unknown) provides context: 



Mariamman, often abbreviated to Amman, is a Hindu goddess of weather, predominantly venerated in the rural areas of South India. Her festivals are held during the late summer/early autumn season of Ādi throughout Tamil Nadu and the Deccan region, the largest being the Ādi Thiruviḻa. Her worship mainly focuses on bringing rains and curing diseases like cholera, smallpox, and chicken pox. Mariamman is worshipped in accordance with local traditions such as Pidari or the Gramadevatai. She is considered as a guardian deity (kaval deivam) by many South Indian village-dwellers.
. Sourced from Mariamman, often abbreviated to Amman, is a Hindu goddess of weather, predominantly venerated in the rural areas of South India. Her festivals are held during the late summer/early autumn season of Ādi throughout Tamil Nadu and the Deccan region, the largest being the Ādi Thiruviḻa. Her worship mainly focuses on bringing rains and curing diseases like cholera, smallpox, and chicken pox. Mariamman is worshipped in accordance with local traditions such as Pidari or the Gramadevatai. She is considered as a guardian deity by many South Indian village-dwellers.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Mariamman
The word 'commendation' (noun) is defined as: 1. The act of commending; praise; favorable representation in words; recommendation. Need we . . . epistles of commendatiom 2 Cor. iii. 1. By the commendation of the great officers. Bacon. 2. That which is the ground of approbation or praise. Good nature is the most godlike commendation of a man. Dryden. 3. pl.  A message of affection or respect; compliments; greeting. [Obs.] Hark you, Margaret; No princely commendations to my king Shak.. Additional context from Commendation ceremony was a formal ceremony that evolved during the Early Medieval period to create a bond between a lord and his fighting man.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/commendation
The word 'solution' (noun) is defined as: 1. The act of separating the parts of any body, or the condition of undergoing a separation of parts; disruption; breach. In all bodies there is an appetite of union and evitation of solution of continuity. Bacon. 2. The act of solving, or the state of being solved; the disentanglement of any intricate problem or difficult question; explanation; clearing up; -- used especially in mathematics, either of the process of solving an equation or problem, or the result of the process. 3. The state of being dissolved or disintegrated; resolution; disintegration. It is unquestionably an enterprise of more promise to assail the nations in their hour of faintness and solution, than at a time when magnificent and seductive systems of worship were at their height of energy and splendor. I. Taylor. 4. (Chem.Phys.)  The act or process by which a body (whether solid, liquid, or gaseous) is absorbed into a liquid, and, remaining or becoming fluid, is diffused throughout the solvent; also, the product reulting from such absorption. Note: When a solvent will not take in any more of a substance the solution is said to be saturated. Solution is two kinds; viz.: (a) Mechanical solution, in which no marked chemical change takes place, and in which, in the case of solids, teh dissolved body can be regained by evaporation, as in the solution of salt or sugar in water. (b) Chemical solution, in which there is involved a decided chemical change, as when limestone or zinc undergoes solution in hydrochloric acid. Mechanical solution is regarded as a form of molecular or atomic attraction, and is probably occasioned by the formation of certain very weak and unstable compounds which are easily dissociated and pass into new and similar compounds. Note: This word is not used in chemistry or mineralogy for fusion, or the melting of bodies by the heat of fire. 5. release; deliverance; disharge. [Obs.] Barrow. 6. (Med.) (a) The termination of a disease; resolution. (b) A crisis. (c) A liquid medicine or preparation (usually aqueous) in which the solid ingredients are wholly soluble. U. S. Disp. Fehling&#039;s solution (Chem.), a standardized solution of cupric hydrate in sodium potassium tartrate, used as a means of determining the reducing power of certain sugars and sirups by the amount of red cuprous oxide thrown down. -- Heavy solution (Min.), a liquid of high density, as a solution of mercuric iodide in potassium iodide (called the Sonstadt or Thoulet solution) having a maximum specific gravity of 3.2, or of borotungstate of cadium (Klein solution, specific gravity 3.6), and the like. Such solutions are much used in determining the specific gravities of minerals, and in separating them when mechanically mixed as in a pulverized rock. -- Nessler&#039;s solution. See Nesslerize. -- Solution of continuity, the separation of connection, or of connected substances or parts; -- applied, in surgery, to a facture, laceration, or the like. &quot;As in the natural body a wound, or solution of continui. Additional context from Solution (chemistry) A special type of homogeneous mixture composed of two or more substances., business solution A type and style of sales and selling methodology., Solutions (album) The third studio album by American musician K.Flay, released by Interscope Records and its..., Solution (equation) The values that fulfill the condition stated by the equation, consisting generally of two..., Numerical solution The study of algorithms that use numerical approximation for the problems of mathematical analysis.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/solution
The word 'comico-' (combining form) is defined as: comic : comic and. Additional context from Comico: The Comic Company An American comic book publisher headquartered in Norristown, Pennsylvania., Comico (NHN Japan) A webtoon portal based in Japan that is part of NHN Japan Corporation., Cómicos A 1954 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/comico-
The word 'croutons' (noun) is defined as: a small cube of toasted or crisply fried bread. Additional context from Crouton A piece of rebaked bread, often cubed and seasoned., Crouton (computing) A set of scripts which allows Ubuntu, Debian, and Kali Linux systems to run parallel to a Chrome..., Crouton (singer) An American Christian rock band from Atlanta, Georgia., Crouton Records An American percussionist and composer, active in experimental and rock disciplines., &quot;Walter Crouton &quot; A comic strip published by Seth MacFarlane.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/croutons
The word 'disposited' (unknown) is defined as: Disposed. [Obs.] Glanvill.. Additional context from No wiki source found. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/disposited
The word 'sacs' (unknown) is defined as: A tribe of Indians, which, together with the Foxes, formerly occupied the region about Green Bay, Wisconsin. [Written also Sauks.]. Additional context from St Andrew&#039;s Cathedral School A multi-campus independent Anglican co-educational comprehensive and specialist primary and..., Southern Association of Colleges and Schools An educational accreditor recognized by the United States Department of Education and the Council..., Success Academy Charter Schools A charter school operator in New York City., Sacs A group of Native Americans of the Eastern Woodlands culture group, who lived primarily in the..., South Atlantic Cable System A submarine communications cable in the South Atlantic Ocean linking Luanda, Angola with..., Saint Alphonsus Catholic School St. Alphonsus Catholic School is a Catholic institution currently run by the Daughters of Our..., South African College Schools A public English medium primary and high education institution situated in Newlands - part of the..., Southwest Allen County Schools A school district in Indiana serving both Aboite and Lafayette Township residents of Allen County..., Suzuki Advanced Cooling System The Suzuki Advanced Cooling System was developed by Suzuki engineer Etsuo Yokouchi in the early.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sacs
The word 'teem' (verb (1)) is defined as: 1. To pour; -- commonly followed by out; as, to teem out ale. [Obs. or Prov. Eng.] Swift. 2. (Steel Manuf.)  To pour, as steel, from a melting pot; to fill, as a mold, with molten metal.

To think fit. [Obs. or R.] G. Gifford.

1. To bring forth young, as an animal; to produce fruit, as a plant; to bear; to be pregnant; to conceive; to multiply. If she must teem, Create her child of spleen. Shak. 2. To be full, or ready to bring forth; to be stocked to overflowing; to be prolific; to abound. His mind teeming with schemes of future deceit to cover former villainy. Sir W. Scott. The young, brimful of the hopes and feeling which teem in our time. F. Harrison.

To produce; to bring forth. [R.] That [grief] of an hour&#039;s age doth hiss the speaker; Each minute teems a new one. Shak.. Additional context from Lemon-lime sodas, PepsiCo brands, PepsiCo soft drinks. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/teem
The word 'Astor' (N/A) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Astor or ASTOR may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Astor
Related word 'A4' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A4 commonly refers to:A4 paper, a paper size defined by the ISO 216 standard, measuring 210 × 297 mm. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A4
Related word 'A5' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A5 and variants may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A5
Related word 'AAAA' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAA may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAA
Related word 'AAAL' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAL may refer to:American Association for Applied Linguistics. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAL
Related word 'AAAS' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAS may refer to:American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a learned society and center for policy research; the publisher of the journal Dædalus. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAS
The word 'recall' (verb) is defined as: 1. To call back; to summon to return; as, to recall troops; to recall an ambassador. 2. To revoke; to annul by a subsequent act; to take back; to withdraw; as, to recall words, or a decree. Passed sentence may not be recall&#039;d. Shak. 3. To call back to mind; to revive in memory; to recollect; to remember; as, to recall bygone days.

1. A calling back; a revocation. &#039;T his done, and since &#039;t is done, &#039;t is past recall. Dryden. 2. (Mil.)  A call on the trumpet, bugle, or drum, by which soldiers are recalled from duty, labor, etc. Wilhelm.. Additional context from Recall (information retrieval) In pattern recognition, information retrieval, object detection and classification, precision and..., Recall election A procedure by which, in certain polities, voters can remove an elected official from office..., Recall (memory) Recall in memory refers to the mental process of retrieval of information from the past., Recall (bugle call) A bugle call used to signal to soldiers that duties or drills are to cease, or to indicate that a..., ReCALL (journal) An academic journal of the European Association for Computer Assisted Language Learning..., Recall (Overwatch) A 2016 animated short., The Recall A 2017 Canadian-American science fiction horror film directed by Mauro Borrelli, and written..., Letter of recall Sent to return an ambassador from a country., Product recall A request from a manufacturer to return a product after the discovery of safety issues or product..., Recalled (film) A 2021 South Korean mystery-thriller film directed by Seo Yoo-min and starring Seo Yea-ji, Kim.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/recall
The word 'spelt' (noun) is defined as: imp. &amp; p. p. of Spell. Spelled.

A species of grain (Triticum Spelta) much cultivated for food in Germany and Switzerland; -- called also German wheat.

Spelter. [Colloq.]

To split; to break; to spalt. [Obs.] Mortimer.. Additional context from Khorasan wheat - Khorasan wheat or Oriental wheat is a tetraploid wheat species. The grain is twice the size of modern-day wheat, and has a rich, nutty flavor., Farro - Farro refers to the grains of three wheat species, which are sold dried and cooked in water until soft. It is eaten plain or is often used as an ingredient in salads, soups, and other dishes., Sorghum bicolor - Sorghum bicolor, commonly called sorghum and also known as great millet, broomcorn, guinea corn, durra, imphee, jowar, or milo, is a grass species cultivated for its grain, which is used for food for humans, animal feed, and ethanol production., Wheat. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/spelt
The word 'Beltsville' (noun) is defined as: a small white domestic turkey of a variety developed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to meet the demand for a smaller table bird. Additional context from Beltsville, Maryland Category, Census-designated places in Prince George&#039;s County, Maryland, Washington metropolitan area, Census-designated places in Maryland. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Beltsville
The word 'concentrated' (adjective) is defined as: rich in respect to a particular or essential element : made less dilute or diffuse. Additional context from &quot;Concentrated&quot; is Fear Zero&#039;s second studio release. The EP was released in 2005 under the label Satch Records.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/concentrated
The word 'dasyure' (noun) is defined as: A carnivorous marsupial quadruped of Australia, belonging to the genus Dasyurus. There are several species.. Additional context from Dasyuromorphs, Mammal families. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/dasyure
The word 'romany' (noun) is defined as: 1. A gypsy. 2. The language spoken among themselves by the gypsies. [Written also Rommany.]. Additional context from Romani people A traditionally itinerant ethnic group, living mostly in Europe and the Americas and originating..., Romani language Any of several languages of the Romani people belonging to the Indo-Aryan branch of the..., Romany Malco Romany Romanic Malco Jr. is an American actor, voice actor, and music producer., Romany (album) An album by The Hollies, the first not to feature tenor lead singer Allan Clarke, who had left to..., Romany Wisdom A fictional supporting character published by Marvel Comics., Romany, the Diva of Magic A professional magician., Romany, Podlaskie Voivodeship A village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie..., Romany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship A village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County..., Ramana, Azerbaijan An urban-type settlement and municipality in Azerbaijan, within the Sabunchu raion of Baku.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/romany
The word 'positivism' (unknown) is defined as: A system of philosophy originated by M. Auguste Comte, which deals only with positives. It excludes from philosophy everything but the natural phenomena or properties of knowable things, together with their invariable relations of coexistence and succession, as occurring in time and space. Such relations are denominated laws, which are to be discovered by observation, experiment, and comparison. This philosophy holds all inquiry into causes, both efficient and final, to be useless and unprofitable.. Additional context from Positivism A philosophical theory which states that &quot;genuine&quot; knowledge is exclusively derived from..., Logical positivism Also known as neopositivism, was a movement in Western philosophy whose central thesis was the..., Legal positivism A school of thought of analytical jurisprudence developed largely by legal philosophers during..., Sociological positivism A sociological paradigm., Positivist school (criminology) The Positivist School was founded by Cesare Lombroso and was led by two others; Enrico Ferri and..., Positivism in Poland A sociocultural movement that defined progressive thought in literature and in the social..., Political positivism A theory founded by Ljubisa Bojic.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/positivism
The word 'solenodon' (noun) is defined as: Either one of two species of singular West Indian insectivores, allied to the tenrec. One species (Solendon paradoxus), native of St. Domingo, is called also agouta; the other (S. Cubanus), found in Cuba, is called almique.. Additional context from Solenodon Category, Venomous mammals, Mammals of the Caribbean, Extant Pleistocene first appearances. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/solenodon
The word 'replication' (unknown) is defined as: 1. An answer; a reply. Shak. Withouten any repplicacioun. Chaucer. 2. (Law Pleadings)  The reply of the plaintiff, in matters of fact, to the defendant&#039;s plea. 3. Return or repercussion, as of sound; echo. To hear the replication of your sounds. Shak. 4. A repetition; a copy. Farrar. Syn. -- Answer; response; reply; rejoinder.. Additional context from DNA replication The biological process of producing two identical replicas of DNA from one original DNA molecule., Replication crisis The replication crisis is, as of 2020, an ongoing methodological crisis in which it has been..., Replication (scientific method) A major principle of the scientific method.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/replication
The word 'favorite' (noun) is defined as: 1. A person or thing regarded with peculiar favor; one treated with partiality; one preferred above others; especially, one unduly loved, trusted, and enriched with favors by a person of high rank or authority. Committing to a wicked favorite All public cares. Milton. 2. pl.  Short curls dangling over the temples; -- fashionable in the reign of Charles II. [Obs.] Farquhar. 3. (Sporting)  The competitor (as a horse in a race) that is judged most likely to win; the competitor standing highest in the betting.

Regarded with particular affection, esteem, or preference; as, a favorite walk; a favorite child. &quot;His favorite argument.&quot; Macaulay.. Additional context from Cardinal-nephew - A cardinal-nephew was a cardinal elevated by a pope who was that cardinal&#039;s relative. The practice of creating cardinal-nephews originated in the Middle Ages, and reached its apex during the 16th and 17th centuries. The last cardinal-nephew was named in 1689 and the practice was abolished in 1692., Hanimefendi - Hanımefendi was the title given to the imperial consort of the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, who came below the rank of Kadınefendi., The Favourite - The Favourite is a 2018 period black comedy film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos and written by Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara. A co-production between Ireland, the United Kingdom, and the United States, the film stars Olivia Colman, Emma Stone, and Rachel Weisz., Royalty, Royal favourites, Monarchy, Government. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/favorite
The word 'solon' (noun) is defined as: A celebrated Athenian lawmaker, born about 638 b. c.; hence, a legislator; a publicist; -- often used ironically.. Additional context from Solon An Athenian statesman, lawmaker and poet., Solon, Ohio A city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, and is a suburb of Cleveland., Solon High School A public high school located in Solon, Ohio, a southeastern suburb of Cleveland in the Northeast.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/solon
The word 'encourage' (verb) is defined as: To give courage to; to inspire with courage, spirit, or hope; to raise, or to increase, the confidence of; to animate; enhearten; to incite; to help forward; -- the opposite of discourage. David encouraged himself in the Lord. 1 Sam. xxx. 6. Syn. -- To embolden; inspirit; animate; enhearten; hearten; incite; cheer; urge; impel; stimulate; instigate; countenance; comfort; promote; advance; forward; strengthen.. Additional context from Ex-gay organizations, Homosexuality and Catholicism. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/encourage
The word 'Apaturia' (unknown) is defined as: Apaturia (Greek: Ἀπατούρια) were ancient Greek festivals held annually by all the Ionian towns, except Ephesus and Colophon. At Athens the Apaturia took place on the 11th, 12th and 13th days of the month of Pyanepsion (mid-October to mid-November), on which occasion the various phratries, or clans, of Attica met to discuss their affairs.
The name is a slightly modified form of ἁπατόρια or ἁμαπατόρια, ὁμοπατόρια, the festival of &quot;common relationship&quot;. The ancient folk etymology associated it with ἀπάτη (&quot;deceit&quot;), a legend claiming that the festival originated in 1100 BC as a commemoration of a single combat between a certain Melanthus, representing King Thymoetes of Attica, and King Xanthus of Boeotia, in which Melanthus successfully threw his adversary off his guard by crying that a man in a black goat skin (identified with Dionysus) was helping him.
On the first day of the festival, called Dorpia or Dorpeia (Δορπεία), banquets were held towards evening at the meeting-place of the phratries or in the private houses of members. On the second, Anarrhysis (from ἀναρρύειν, &quot;to draw back the victim&#039;s head&quot;), a sacrifice of oxen was offered at the public cost to Zeus Phratrius and Athena.
On the third day, Kureōtis (κουρεῶτις), children born since the last festival were presented by their fathers or guardians to the assembled phratores, and, after an oath had been taken as to their legitimacy and the sacrifice of a goat or a sheep, their names were inscribed in the register.  The name κουρεῶτις is derived either from κοῦρος, &quot;young man&quot;, i.e., the day of the young, or less probably from κείρω, &quot;to shear&quot;, because on this occasion young people cut their hair and offered it to the gods. The sacrificial animal was called μείον. The children who entered puberty also made offerings of wine to Hercules. On this day also it was the custom for boys still at school to declaim pieces of poetry, and to receive prizes.
According to Hesychius, these three days of the festival were followed by a fourth, called ἐπίβδα, but this is merely a general term for the day after any festival.
. Additional context from Apaturia were ancient Greek festivals held annually by all the Ionian towns, except Ephesus and Colophon. At Athens the Apaturia took place on the 11th, 12th and 13th days of the month of Pyanepsion, on which occasion the various phratries, or clans, of Attica met to discuss their affairs.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Apaturia
The word 'bass-viol' (noun) is defined as: viola da gamba. Additional context from Arpeggione - The arpeggione is a six-stringed musical instrument fretted and tuned like a guitar, but with a curved bridge so it can be bowed like a cello, and thus similar to the bass viola da gamba. The instrument is sometimes also called a guitar violoncello., Cello da spalla - The violoncello da spalla, known informally as the cello da spalla, is a small cello played braced against the shoulder., GuitarViol - The GuitarViol is a modern version of the Arpeggione bowed guitar built by guitarist and luthier Jonathan Eric Wilson. It has six strings tuned in E2–A2–D3–G3–B3–E4 in a standard guitar tuning, though some tune in baritone tuning in B1–E2–A2–D3–F#3–B3, with 24 frets., Lyra viol - The lyra viol is a small bass viol, used primarily in England in the seventeenth century., Viol family instruments, Renaissance instruments. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bass-viol
Related word 'gamba' (noun) provides context: A viola da gamba.. Sourced from Gamba or Gambas may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gamba
Related word 'viola' (noun (1)) provides context: A genus of polypetalous herbaceous plants, including all kinds of violets.

An instrument in form and use resembling the violin, but larger, and a fifth lower in compass. Viola da braccio Etym: [It., viol for the arm], the tenor viol, or viola, a fifth lower than the violin. Its part is written in the alto clef, hence it is sometimes called the alto. -- Viola da gamba Etym: [It., viol for the leg], an instrument resembling the viola, but larger, and held between the knees. It is now rarely used. -- Viola da spalla Etym: [It., viol for the shoulder], an instrument formerly used, resembling the viola, and intermediate in size between the viola and the viola da gamba. -- Viola di amore Etym: [It., viol of love: cf. F. viole d&#039;amour], a viol, larger than the viola, having catgut strings upon, and brass or steel wires under, the keyboard. These, sounding sympathetically with the strings, yield a peculiarly soft and silvery sound. It is now seldom used.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/viola
Related word 'gambas' (noun) provides context: viola da gamba. Sourced from Gambas is the name of an object-oriented dialect of the BASIC programming language, as well as the integrated development environment that accompanies it. Designed to run on Linux and other Unix-like computer operating systems, its name is a recursive acronym for Gambas Almost Means Basic. Gambas is also the word for prawns in the Spanish, French, and Portuguese languages, from which the project&#039;s logos are derived.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gambas
The word 'cycloalkane' (noun) is defined as: cycloparaffin. Additional context from In organic chemistry, the cycloalkanes are the monocyclic saturated hydrocarbons. In other words, a cycloalkane consists only of hydrogen and carbon atoms arranged in a structure containing a single ring, and all of the carbon-carbon bonds are single. The larger cycloalkanes, with more than 20 carbon atoms are typically called cycloparaffins. All cycloalkanes are isomers of alkenes.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cycloalkane
Related word 'cyclane' (noun) provides context: cycloparaffin. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cyclane
Related word 'naphthenic' (unknown) provides context: cycloparaffin. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/naphthenic
The word 'archeus' (noun) is defined as: The vital principle or force which (according to the Paracelsians) presides over the growth and continuation of living beings; the anima mundi or plastic power of the old philosophers. [Obs.] Johnson.. Additional context from In alchemy, Archeus, or archaeus, is a term used generally to refer to the lowest and most dense aspect of the astral plane which presides over the growth and continuation of all living beings. The term was used by medieval Paracelsus and those after him, such as Jan Baptist van Helmont.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/archeus
The word 'atomizer' (noun) is defined as: One who, or that which, atomizes; esp., an instrument for reducing a liquid to spray for disinfecting, cooling, or perfuming.. Additional context from Atom The basic particle of the chemical elements.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/atomizer
The word 'yt' (abbreviation) is defined as: , an old method of printing that (AS. æt, edhæt) the &quot;y&quot; taking the place of the old letter &quot;Þ&quot;). Cf. Ye, the.

an old method of printing that (AS. þæt, ðæt) the &quot;y&quot; taking the place of the old letter &quot;thorn&quot; (þ).  Cf. Ye, the.

an old method of printing that (AS. þæt, ðæt) the &quot;y&quot; taking the place of the old letter &quot;thorn&quot; (þ).  Cf. Ye, the.. Additional context from YouTube Category, iFilm - iFilm is a discontinued U.S.-based video-sharing website on which users could upload, share and view videos. It was founded by filmmaker Raphael Raphael in 1997. It was later acquired by iFilm.net, a popular online interactive film and media archive, originally specializing in independent films., Google Video - Google Video was a free video hosting service, originally launched by Google on January 25, 2005. Initially focused on searching TV program transcripts, it soon evolved to allow hosting video clips on Google servers and embedding onto other websites, akin to YouTube., Metacafe - Metacafe was an Israeli video-sharing website, launched in July 2003. During the mid-2000s it was one of the largest video-sharing websites, though it eventually began to be superseded by YouTube, Vimeo and Dailymotion., Revver - Revver was an American video sharing website that hosted user-generated content. Until its shutdown in 2011, Revver attached advertising to user-submitted video clips and originally offered to share ad revenue with the video creators., vMix - vMix is a software vision mixer available for the Windows operating system., blip.tv - Blip was an American media platform for web series content and also offered a dashboard for producers of original web series to distribute and monetize their productions. The company was founded on May 5, 2005, and it was located in New York City and Los Angeles., Alphabet Inc., PlayStation 4 software, Companies based in San Mateo County, California, Recommender systems, TvOS software, Google acquisitions, Google services, Multilingual websites, Video hosting, Social media. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/yt
The word 'invariance' (noun) is defined as: The property of remaining invariable under prescribed or implied conditions. J. J. Sylvester.. Additional context from Invariant (mathematics) A property of a mathematical object which remains unchanged after operations or transformations..., Loop invariant A property of a program loop that is true before each iteration., Class invariant An invariant used for constraining objects of a class.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/invariance
The word 'thumper' (verb) is defined as: One who, or that which, thumps.. Additional context from Thumper (Disney) A fictional rabbit character from Disney&#039;s animated film Bambi., Thumper (video game) A rhythm game developed and published by Drool and released in October 2016 on Microsoft Windows..., Thumper (film) A 2017 crime thriller directed and written by Jordan Ross and starring Eliza Taylor, Lena Headey.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/thumper
The word 'Boz' (noun) is defined as: devil. Additional context from Boz, BoZ or BOZ may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Boz
Related word 'aureola' (noun) provides context: 1. (R. C. Theol.)  A celestial crown or accidental glory added to the bliss of heaven, as a reward to those (as virgins, martyrs, preachers, etc.) who have overcome the world, the flesh, and the devil. 2. The circle of rays, or halo of light, with which painters surround the figure and represent the glory of Christ, saints, and others held in special reverence. Note: Limited to the head, it is strictly termed a nimbus; when it envelops the whole body, an aureola. Fairholt. 3. A halo, actual or figurative. The glorious aureole of light seen around the sun during total eclipses. Proctor. The aureole of young womanhood. O. W. Holmes. 4. (Anat.)  See Areola, 2.. Sourced from An aureola or aureole is the radiance of luminous cloud which, in paintings of sacred personages, surrounds the whole figure.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aureola
Related word 'angel' (noun) provides context: 1. A messenger. [R.] The dear good angel of the Spring, The nightingale. B. Jonson. 2. A spiritual, celestial being, superior to man in power and intelligence. In the Scriptures the angels appear as God&#039;s messengers. O, welcome, pure-eyed Faith, white-handed Hope, Thou hovering angel, girt with golden wings. Milton. 3. One of a class of &quot;fallen angels;&quot; an evil spirit; as, the devil and his angels. 4. A minister or pastor of a church, as in the Seven Asiatic churches. [Archaic] Unto-the angel of the church of Ephesus write. Rev. ii. 1. 5. Attendant spirit; genius; demon. Shak. 6. An appellation given to a person supposed to be of angelic goodness or loveliness; a darling. When pain and anguish wring the brow. Sir W. Scott. 7. (Numis.)  An ancient gold coin of England, bearing the figure of the archangel Michael. It varied in value from 6s. 8d. to 10s. Amer. Cyc. Note: Angel is sometimes used adjectively; as, angel grace; angel whiteness. Angel bed, a bed without posts. -- Angel fish. (Zoöl.) (a) A species of shark (Squatina angelus) from six to eight feet long, found on the coasts of Europe and North America. It takes its name from its pectoral fins, which are very large and extend horizontally like wings when spread. (b) One of several species of compressed, bright colored fishes warm seas, belonging to the family, Chætodontidæ. -- Angel gold, standard gold. [Obs.] Fuller. -- Angel shark. See Angel fish. -- Angel shot (Mil.), a kind of chain shot. -- Angel water, a perfumed liquid made at first chiefly from angelica; afterwards containing rose, myrtle, and orange-flower waters, with ambergris, etc. [Obs.]. Sourced from In Abrahamic religious traditions and some sects of other belief-systems like Hinduism and Buddhism, an angel is a heavenly supernatural or spiritual being. In monotheistic belief-systems, such beings are under service of the supreme deity.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/angel
Related word 'abash' (verb) provides context: To destroy the self-possession of; to confuse or confound, as by exciting suddenly a consciousness of guilt, mistake, or inferiority; to put to shame; to disconcert; to discomfit. Abashed, the devil stood, And felt how awful goodness is. Milton. He was a man whom no check could abash. Macaulay. Syn. -- To confuse; confound; disconcert; shame. -- To Abash, Confuse, Confound. Abash is a stronger word than confuse, but not so strong as confound. We are abashed when struck either with sudden shame or with a humbling sense of inferiority; as, Peter was abashed in the presence of those who are greatly his superiors. We are confused when, from some unexpected or startling occurrence, we lose clearness of thought and self-possession. Thus, a witness is often confused by a severe cross-examination; a timid person is apt to be confused in entering a room full of strangers. We are confounded when our minds are overwhelmed, as it were, by something wholly unexpected, amazing, dreadful, etc., so that we have nothing to say. Thus, a criminal is usually confounded at the discovery of his guilt. Satan stood Awhile as mute, confounded what to say. Milton.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/abash
Related word 'adversary' (noun) provides context: One who is turned against another or others with a design to oppose or resist them; a member of an opposing or hostile party; an opponent; an antagonist; an enemy; a foe. His ancient knot of dangerous adversaries. Shak. Agree with thine adversary quickly. Matt. v. 25. It may be thought that to vindicate the permanency of truth is to dispute without an adversary. Beattie. The Adversary, The Satan, or the Devil. Syn. -- Adversary, Enemy, Opponent, Antagonist. Enemy is the only one of these words which necessarily implies a state of personal hostility. Men may be adversaries, antagonists, or opponents to each other in certain respects, and yet have no feelings of general animosity. An adversary may be simply one who is placed for a time in a hostile position, as in a lawsuit, an argument, in chess playing, or at fence. An opponent is one who is ranged against another (perhaps passively) on the opposing side; as a political opponent, an opponent in debate. An antagonist is one who struggles against another with active effort, either in a literal fight or in verbal debate.

1. Opposed; opposite; adverse; antagonistic. [Archaic] Bp. King. 2. (Law)  Having an opposing party; not unopposed; as, an adversary suit.. Sourced from An adversary is generally considered to be a person, group, or force that opposes and/or attacks.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/adversary
Related word 'aureole' (noun) provides context: 1. (R. C. Theol.)  A celestial crown or accidental glory added to the bliss of heaven, as a reward to those (as virgins, martyrs, preachers, etc.) who have overcome the world, the flesh, and the devil. 2. The circle of rays, or halo of light, with which painters surround the figure and represent the glory of Christ, saints, and others held in special reverence. Note: Limited to the head, it is strictly termed a nimbus; when it envelops the whole body, an aureola. Fairholt. 3. A halo, actual or figurative. The glorious aureole of light seen around the sun during total eclipses. Proctor. The aureole of young womanhood. O. W. Holmes. 4. (Anat.)  See Areola, 2.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aureole
The word 'rodeo' (noun) is defined as: A round-up. See Round-up. [Western U.S.]. Additional context from Rodeo A competitive equestrian sport that arose out of the working practices of cattle herding in..., Rodeo (Travis Scott album) The debut studio album by American rapper and record producer Travis Scott., Rodeo Drive A two-mile-long street in Beverly Hills, California, with its southern segment in the City of Los.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/rodeo
The word 'Chadron' (N/A) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Chadron may refer to:Chadron, Nebraska, United States. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Chadron
The word 'raia' (unknown) is defined as: A genus of rays which includes the skates. See Skate.. Additional context from Architecture-related professional associations, Professional associations based in Australia, Organisations based in Australia with royal patronage. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/raia
The word 'accumulators' (noun) is defined as: one that accumulates: such as. Additional context from Hydraulic accumulator A pressure storage reservoir in which an incompressible hydraulic fluid is held under pressure.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/accumulators
The word 'malevolent' (adjective) is defined as: Wishing evil; disposed to injure others; rejoicing in another&#039;s misfortune. Syn. -- Ill-disposed; envious; mischievous; evil-minded; spiteful; malicious; malignant; rancorous.. Additional context from Malevolent (2018 film) A 2018 British horror film directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson from a screenplay by Ben Ketai..., Malevolence (band) An English metalcore band formed in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, in 2010., Malice (law) A legal term which refers to a party&#039;s intention to do injury to another party.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/malevolent
The word 'ashrama' (noun) is defined as: ashram. Additional context from Ashrama may refer to:Ashram (āśrama), a spiritual hermitage or a monastery in Indian religions. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ashrama
Related word 'asramas' (noun) provides context: ashram. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/asramas
Related word 'grihastha' (noun) provides context: the second stage in the Brahmanic ashrama in which a man assumes the duties and responsibilities of a householder. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/grihastha
The word 'mahdism' (noun) is defined as: Belief in the coming of the Mahdi; fanatical devotion to the cause of the Mahdi or a pretender to that title. -- Mah&quot;dist (#), n. Mahdism has proved the most shameful and terrible instrument of bloodshed and oppression which the modern world has ever witnessed. E. N. Bennett.. Additional context from Occultation (Islam) - Occultation in Shia Islam refers to the eschatological belief that the Mahdi, a descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, has already been born and he was subsequently concealed, but he will reemerge and he will establish justice and peace on earth at the end of time., Second Coming - The Second Coming is the Christian belief that Jesus Christ will return to Earth after his ascension to Heaven. The idea is based on messianic prophecies and is part of most Christian eschatologies. Other faiths have various interpretations of it., Imams, Islamic eschatology, Islamic terminology. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/mahdism
The word 'galvanize' (verb) is defined as: 1. To affect with galvanism; to subject to the action of electrical currents. 2. To plate, as with gold, silver, etc., by means of electricity. 3. To restore to consciousness by galvanic action (as from a state of suspended animation); hence, to stimulate or excite to a factitious animation or activity. 4. To coat, as iron, with zinc. See Galvanized iron. Galvanized iron, formerly, iron coated with zink by electrical deposition; now more commonly, iron coated with zink by plunging into a bath of melted zink, after its surface has been cleaned by friction with the aid of dilute acid.. Additional context from Galvanization The process of applying a protective zinc coating to steel or iron, to prevent rusting., &quot;Galvanize&quot; (song) A song by British electronic duo The Chemical Brothers featuring vocals by Q-Tip., Galvanism The contraction of a muscle that is stimulated by an electric current., Galvanized (album) A 2013 album by The Urge.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/galvanize
The word 'buccina' (noun) is defined as: Ancient Roman war horn. Additional context from A buccina or bucina, anglicized buccin or bucine, is a brass instrument that was used in the ancient Roman army, similar to the cornu. An aeneator who blew a buccina was called a &quot;buccinator&quot; or &quot;bucinator&quot;.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/buccina
The word 'canaanites' (noun) is defined as: a member of a Semitic people inhabiting ancient Palestine and Phoenicia from about 3000 b.c.. Additional context from Canaan Category, Archaeology of Israel - The archaeology of Israel is the study of the archaeology of the present-day Israel, stretching from prehistory through three millennia of documented history. The ancient Land of Israel was a geographical bridge between the political and cultural centers of Mesopotamia and Egypt., Canaanite and Aramaic inscriptions - The Canaanite and Aramaic inscriptions, also known as Northwest Semitic inscriptions, are the primary extra-Biblical source for understanding of the society and history of the ancient Phoenicians, Hebrews and Arameans., Canaanite gate of ancient Tell - The Canaanite Gate of ancient Tell is a monument located in downtown Beirut, Lebanon., Canaanite shift - In historical linguistics, the Canaanite shift is a vowel shift/sound change that took place in the Canaanite dialects, which belong to the Northwest Semitic branch of the Semitic languages family. This sound change caused Proto-NW-Semiticā to turn into ō in Proto-Canaanite., Names of the Levant - Over recorded history, there have been many names of the Levant, a large area in the Near East, or its constituent parts. These names have applied to a part or the whole of the Levant. On occasion, two or more of these names have been used at the same time by different cultures or sects., Proto-Canaanite alphabet - Proto-Canaanite is the name given to the About 20-25 proto-Canaanite inscriptions are known., Ancient history of Jordan, Amarna letters locations, Land of Israel. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/canaanites
The word 'angle' (noun (1)) is defined as: 1. The inclosed space near the point where two lines; a corner; a nook. Into the utmost angle of the world. Spenser. To search the tenderest angles of the heart. Milton. 2. (Geom.) (a) The figure made by. two lines which meet. (b) The difference of direction of two lines. In the lines meet, the point of meeting is the vertex of the angle. 3. A projecting or sharp corner; an angular fragment. Though but an angle reached him of the stone. Dryden. 4. (Astrol.)  A name given to four of the twelve astrological &quot;houses.&quot; [Obs.] Chaucer. 5. Etym: [AS. angel.]  A fishhook; tackle for catching fish, consisting of a line, hook, and bait, with or without a rod. Give me mine angle: we &#039;ll to the river there. Shak. A fisher next his trembling angle bears. Pope. Acute angle, one less than a right angle, or less than 90º. -- Adjacent or Contiguous angles, such as have one leg common to both angles. -- Alternate angles. See Alternate. -- Angle bar. (a) (Carp.) An upright bar at the angle where two faces of a polygonal or bay window meet. Knight. (b) (Mach.) Same as Angle iron. -- Angle bead (Arch.), a bead worked on or fixed to the angle of any architectural work, esp. for protecting an angle of a wall. -- Angle brace, Angle tie (Carp.), a brace across an interior angle of a wooden frame, forming the hypothenuse and securing the two side pieces together. Knight. -- Angle iron (Mach.), a rolled bar or plate of iron having one or more angles, used for forming the corners, or connecting or sustaining the sides of an iron structure to which it is riveted. -- Angle leaf (Arch.), a detail in the form of a leaf, more or less conventionalized, used to decorate and sometimes to strengthen an angle. -- Angle meter, an instrument for measuring angles, esp. for ascertaining the dip of strata. -- Angle shaft (Arch.), an enriched angle bead, often having a capital or base, or both. -- Curvilineal angle, one formed by two curved lines. -- External angles, angles formed by the sides of any right-lined figure, when the sides are produced or lengthened. -- Facial angle. See under Facial. -- Internal angles, those which are within any right-lined figure. -- Mixtilineal angle, one formed by a right line with a curved line. -- Oblique angle, one acute or obtuse, in opposition to a right angle. -- Obtuse angle, one greater than a right angle, or more than 90º. -- Optic angle. See under Optic. -- Rectilineal or Right-lined angle, one formed by two right lines. -- Right angle, one formed by a right line falling on another perpendicularly, or an angle of 90º (measured by a quarter circle). -- Solid angle, the figure formed by the meeting of three or more plane angles at one point. -- Spherical angle, one made by the meeting of two arcs of great circles, which mutually cut one another on the surface of a globe or sphere. -- Visual angle, the angle formed by two rays of light, or two straight lines drawn from the extreme points of an object to the center of the eye. -- For Angles of commu. Additional context from In Euclidean geometry, an angle is the figure formed by two rays, called the sides of the angle, sharing a common endpoint, called the vertex of the angle.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/angle
The word 'auditing' (noun) is defined as: a formal examination of an organization&#039;s or individual&#039;s accounts or financial situation. Additional context from Academic audit - In academia, an audit is an educational term for the completion of a course of study for which no assessment of the performance of the student is made nor grade awarded., Accounting - Accounting, also known as accountancy, is the process of recording and processing information about economic entities, such as businesses and corporations., Audit plan - Audit planning is a vital area of the audit , primarily conducted at the beginning of audit process, to ensure that appropriate attention is devoted to important areas, potential problems are promptly identified, work is completed expeditiously and work is properly coordinated., Big Four accounting firms - The Big Four are the four largest professional services networks in the world: Deloitte, EY, KPMG, and PwC. They are the four largest global accounting networks as measured by revenue., Clinical audit - Clinical audit is a process that has been defined as a quality improvement process that seeks to improve patient care and outcomes through systematic review of care against explicit criteria and the implementation of change The key component of clinical audit is that performance is reviewed, to..., Comptroller , Comptroller General , and Comptroller General of the United States ., Auditing, Risk management. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/auditing
The word 'copping' (noun (1)) is defined as: police officer. Additional context from Copping is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:Alice Copping (1906–1996), New Zealand nutritionist. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/copping
Related word 'acop' (noun) provides context: a security worker (such as a guard) who is not a police officer. Sourced from A Change of Pace A five piece pop punk band from Peoria, Arizona.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acop
Related word 'cutwal' (unknown) provides context: The chief police officer of a large city. [East Indies]. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cutwal
Related word 'anspessade' (unknown) provides context: An anspessade, or lanspessade, is a kind of French police officer that has been used in the foot soldiers, below the corporals, and yet above the common sentinels, between the 16th and 17th centuries.
There are usually four or five in each company. The term is formed of the Italian lancia spezzata (&quot;broken lance&quot;), used because they were originally disbanded gendarmes, horsemen in full armor, who for want of other subsistence sued for a place of some distinction in the infantry.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chambers, Ephraim, ed. (1728). &quot;Anspessade&quot;. Cyclopædia, or an Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences (1st ed.). James and John Knapton, et al.

. Sourced from An anspessade, or lanspessade, is a kind of French police officer that has been used in the foot soldiers, below the corporals, and yet above the common sentinels, between the 16th and 17th centuries.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anspessade
Related word 'marshal' (unknown) provides context: 1. Originally, an officer who had the care of horses; a groom. [Obs.] 2. An officer of high rank, charged with the arrangement of ceremonies, the conduct of operations, or the like; as, specifically: (a) One who goes before a prince to declare his coming and provide entertainment; a harbinger; a pursuivant. (b) One who regulates rank and order at a feast or any other assembly, directs the order of procession, and the like. (c) The chief officer of arms, whose duty it was, in ancient times, to regulate combats in the lists. Johnson. (d) (France) The highest military officer. In other countries of Europe a marshal is a military officer of high rank, and called field marshal. (e) (Am. Law) A ministerial officer, appointed for each judicial district of the United States, to execute the process of the courts of the United States, and perform various duties, similar to those of a sheriff. The name is also sometimes applied to certain police officers of a city. Earl marshal of England, the eighth officer of state; an honorary title, and personal, until made hereditary in the family of the Duke of Norfolk. During a vacancy in the office of high constable, the earl marshal has jurisdiction in the court of chivalry. Brande &amp; C. -- Earl marshal of Scotland, an officer who had command of the cavalry under the constable. This office was held by the family of Keith, but forfeited by rebellion in 1715. -- Knight marshal, or Marshal of the King&#039;s house, formerly, in England, the marshal of the king&#039;s house, who was authorized to hear and determine all pleas of the Crown, to punish faults committed within the verge, etc. His court was called the Court of Marshalsea. -- Marshal of the Queen&#039;s Bench, formerly the title of the officer who had the custody of the Queen&#039;s bench prison in Southwark. Mozley &amp; W.

1. To dispose in order; to arrange in a suitable manner; as, to marshal troops or an army. And marshaling the heroes of his name As, in their order, next to light they came. Dryden. 2. To direct, guide, or lead. Thou marshalest me the way that I was going. Shak. 3. (Her.)  To dispose in due order, as the different quarterings on an escutcheon, or the different crests when several belong to an achievement.. Sourced from Marshal is a term used in several official titles in various branches of society. As marshals became trusted members of the courts of Medieval Europe, the title grew in reputation. During the last few centuries, it has been used for elevated offices, such as in military rank and civilian law enforcement.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/marshal
Related word 'bobbies' (noun) provides context: police officer. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bobbies
The word 'spurtle' (noun) is defined as: To spurt or shoot in a scattering manner. [Obs.] Drayton.. Additional context from Scots language, Scottish cuisine, Porridges. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/spurtle
The word 'carburize' (verb) is defined as: To combine wtih carbon or a carbon compound; -- said esp. of a process for conferring a higher degree of illuminating power on combustible gases by mingling them with a vapor of valatile hydrocarbons.. Additional context from Carbonitriding - Carbonitriding is a metallurgical surface modification technique that is used to increase the surface hardness of a metal, thereby reducing wear.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/carburize
The word 'effectuation' (verb) is defined as: Act of effectuating.. Additional context from Prediction, Entrepreneurship. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/effectuation
The word 'crossbowman' (noun) is defined as: One who shoots with a crossbow. See Arbalest.. Additional context from Archery - Archery is the sport, practice, or skill of using a bow to shoot arrows. The word comes from the Latin arcus, meaning bow. Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat. In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/crossbowman
The word 'moline' (unknown) is defined as: The crossed iron that supports the upper millstone by resting on the spindle; a millrind. Cross moline (Her.), a cross each arm of which is divided at the end into two rounded branches or divisions.. Additional context from Moline, Illinois A city located in Rock Island County, Illinois, United States., Minneapolis-Moline A large tractor and farm and industrial machinery producer based in Minneapolis and Hopkins..., East Moline, Illinois A city in Rock Island County, Illinois, United States. The population was 21,374 at the 2020 census.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/moline
The word 'alcove' (noun) is defined as: 1. (Arch.)  A recessed portion of a room, or a small room opening into a larger one; especially, a recess to contain a bed; a lateral recess in a library. 2. A small ornamental building with seats, or an arched seat, in a pleasure ground; a garden bower. Cowper. 3. Any natural recess analogous to an alcove or recess in an apartment. The youthful wanderers found a wild alcove. Falconer.. Additional context from Alcove may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/alcove
The word 'noiseless' (unknown) is defined as: Making, or causing, no noise or bustle; without noise; silent; as, the noiseless foot of time. So noiseless would I live. Dryden. -- Noise&quot;less*ly, adv. -- Noise&quot;less*ness, n.. Additional context from MacOS graphics software. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/noiseless
The word 'eyedrop' (plural noun) is defined as: A tear. [Poetic] Shak.. Additional context from Artificial tears - Artificial tears are lubricating eye drops used to relieve dryness and irritation of the ocular surface. Dry eye syndrome is a common ocular surface disorder and is characterized by disruption of the tear film and increased inflammation., Carboxymethyl cellulose - Carboxymethyl cellulose or cellulose gum is a cellulose derivative with carboxymethyl groups bound to some of the hydroxyl groups of the glucopyranose monomers that make up the cellulose backbone. It is often used in its sodium salt form, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose., Mydriasis - Mydriasis is the dilation of the pupil, usually having a non-physiological cause, or sometimes a physiological pupillary response. Non-physiological causes of mydriasis include disease, trauma, or the use of certain types of drug. It may also be of unknown cause., Refractive error - Refractive error is a problem with focusing light accurately on the retina due to the shape of the eye and/or cornea. The most common types of refractive error are near-sightedness, far-sightedness, astigmatism, and presbyopia., Tetrahydrozoline hydrochloride - Tetryzoline, also known as tetrahydrozoline, is a drug used in some over-the-counter eye drops and nasal sprays. Tetryzoline was patented in 1954, and came into medical use in 1959., Visine - Visine, also known as Vispring, is a brand of eye drops produced by Kenvue. Visine was first introduced in 1958 and was acquired by Pfizer in 1999. In 2006, Johnson &amp; Johnson acquired Visine, along with Pfizer&#039;s entire consumer healthcare portfolio., Ophthalmology drugs, Dosage forms, Drug delivery devices. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eyedrop
The word 'anilinctus' (noun) is defined as: erotic stimulation achieved by contact between mouth and anus. Additional context from Fecal bacteriotherapy - Fecal microbiota transplant, also known as a stool transplant, is the process of transferring fecal bacteria and other microbes from a healthy individual into another individual. FMT is an effective treatment for Clostridioides difficile infection., Oral eroticism, Sexual acts. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anilinctus
The word 'marshaling' (unknown) is defined as: 1. The act of arranging in due order. 2. (Her.)  The arrangement of an escutcheon to exhibit the alliances of the owner. Marshaling of assets (Law), the arranging or ranking of assets in due order of administration.. Additional context from Marshalling (computer science) The process of transforming the memory representation of an object into a data format suitable..., Aircraft marshalling Aircraft marshalling is visual signalling between ground personnel and pilots on an airport..., Motorsport marshal Motorsport marshals are mainly volunteer workers responsible for the safety of motor racing.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/marshaling
The word 'sparkle' (verb) is defined as: 1. A little spark; a scintillation. As fire is wont to quicken and go From a sparkle sprungen amiss, Till a city brent up is. Chaucer. The shock was sufficiently strong to strike out some sparkles of his fiery temper. Prescott. 2. Brilliancy; luster; as, the sparkle of a diamond.

1. To emit sparks; to throw off ignited or incandescent particles; to shine as if throwing off sparks; to emit flashes of light; to scintillate; to twinkle; as, the blazing wood sparkles; the stars sparkle. A mantelet upon his shoulder hanging Bretful of rubies red, as fire sparkling. Chaucer. 2. To manifest itself by, or as if by, emitting sparks; to glisten; to flash. I see bright honor sparkle through your eyes. Milton. 3. To emit little bubbles, as certain kinds of liquors; to effervesce; as, sparkling wine. Syn. -- To shine; glisten; scintillate; radiate; coruscate; glitter; twinkle.

To emit in the form or likeness of sparks. &quot;Did sparkle forth great light.&quot; Spenser.

1. To disperse. [Obs.] The Landgrave hath sparkled his army without any further enterprise. State Papers. 2. To scatter on or over. [Obs.] Purchas.. Additional context from SPARQL An RDF query language-that is, a semantic query language for databases—able to retrieve and..., Sparkle (1976 film) A 1976 American musical drama film directed by Sam O&#039;Steen and released by Warner Bros. Pictures., Sparkle (2012 film) A 2012 American musical film directed by Salim Akil and produced by Stage 6 Films., Sparkle (catamaran) A substantial catamaran designed by Angus Primrose, the designer of Gipsy Moth IV, to be sailed..., Sparkle (drink) A brand for a lemon-flavored soft drink created by Cosmos Bottling Corporation for the provincial.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sparkle
The word 'censoring' (noun) is defined as: a person who supervises conduct and morals: such as. Additional context from Censoring may refer to:Censoring (statistics). More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/censoring
Related word 'censors' (noun) provides context: a person who supervises conduct and morals: such as. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/censors
The word 'christian science' (noun) is defined as: A system of healing disease of mind and body which teaches that all cause and effect is mental, and that sin, sickness, and death will be destroyed by a full understanding of the Divine Principle of Jesus&#039; teaching and healing. The system was founded by Rev. Mary Baker Glover Eddy, of Concord, N. H., in 1866, and bases its teaching on the Scriptures as understood by its adherents.. Additional context from Christian Science Category. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/christian science
The word 'aspis' (noun) is defined as: Shield used by Ancient Greek hoplites. Additional context from An aspis or porpax shield was the heavy wooden shield used by the infantry in various periods of ancient Greece.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aspis
The word 'appendicitis' (noun) is defined as: Inflammation of the vermiform appendix.. Additional context from Appendicitis is inflammation of the appendix. Symptoms commonly include right lower abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and decreased appetite. However, approximately 40% of people do not have these typical symptoms. Severe complications of a ruptured appendix include widespread, painful inflammation of the inner lining of the abdominal wall and sepsis.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/appendicitis
The word 'chippendale' (adjective) is defined as: Designating furniture designed, or like that designed, by Thomas Chippendale, an English cabinetmaker of the 18th century. Chippendale furniture was generally of simple but graceful outline with delicately carved rococo ornamentation, sculptured either in the solid wood or, in the cheaper specimens, separately and glued on. In the more elaborate pieces three types are recognized: French Chippendale, having much detail, like Louis Quatorze and Louis Quinze; Chinese Chippendale, marked by latticework and pagodalike pediments; and Gothic Chippendale, attempting to adapt medieval details. The forms, as of the cabriole and chairbacks, often resemble Queen Anne. In chairs, the seat is widened at the front, and the back toward the top widened and bent backward, except in Chinese Chippendale, in which the backs are usually rectangular. -- Chip&quot;pen*dal*ism (#), n. It must be clearly and unmistakably understood, then, that, whenever painted (that is to say, decorated with painted enrichment) or inlaid furniture is described as Chippendale, no matter where or by whom, it is a million chances to one that the description is incorrect. R. D. Benn.. Additional context from Chippendale may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chippendale
The word 'bigeminy' (noun) is defined as: Medical condition. Additional context from Bigeminy is a cardiac arrhythmia in which there is a single ectopic beat, or irregular heartbeat, following each regular heartbeat. Most often this is due to ectopic beats occurring so frequently that there is one after each sinus beat, or normal heartbeat. The two beats are figuratively similar to two twins. For example, in ventricular bigeminy, a sinus beat is shortly followed by a premature ventricular contraction (PVC), a pause, another normal beat, and then another PVC. In atrial bigeminy, the other &quot;twin&quot; is a premature atrial contraction (PAC).. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bigeminy
Related word 'acantholysis' (noun) provides context: Medical condition. Sourced from Acantholysis is the loss of intercellular connections, such as desmosomes, resulting in loss of cohesion between keratinocytes, seen in diseases such as pemphigus vulgaris. It is absent in bullous pemphigoid, making it useful for differential diagnosis.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acantholysis
Related word 'acanthoma' (noun) provides context: Medical condition. Sourced from An acanthoma is a skin neoplasm composed of squamous or epidermal cells. It is located in the prickle cell layer.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acanthoma
Related word 'achlorhydria' (noun) provides context: Medical condition. Sourced from Achlorhydria and hypochlorhydria refer to states where the production of hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions of the stomach and other digestive organs is absent or low, respectively. It is associated with various other medical problems.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/achlorhydria
Related word 'acrodermatitis' (noun) provides context: Medical condition. Sourced from Acrodermatitis /ac·ro·der·ma·ti·tis/ is a childhood form of dermatitis selectively affecting the hands and feet and may be accompanied by mild symptoms of fever and malaise. It may also be associated with hepatitis B and other viral infections.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acrodermatitis
Related word 'acrodynia' (noun) provides context: Medical condition. Sourced from Acrodynia is a medical condition which occurs due to mercury poisoning. The condition of pain and dusky pink discoloration in the hands and feet is due to exposure or ingesting of mercury. It was known as Pink Disease before it was accepted that it was just mercury poisoning.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acrodynia
The word 'Antheia' (unknown) is defined as: One of the Charites, or Graces, of Greek mythology. Additional context from Antheia or Anthea is one of the Charites, or Graces, in Greek mythology and the goddess of swamps and flowery wreaths. She is the daughter of Zeus and Eurynome. She was depicted in Athenian vase painting as one of the attendants of Aphrodite.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Antheia
The word 'equilibration' (verb) is defined as: 1. Act of keeping a balance, or state of being balanced; equipoise. In . . . running, leaping, and dancing, nature&#039;s laws of equilibration are observed. J. Denham. 2. (Biol.)  The process by which animal and vegetable organisms preserve a physiological balance. H. Spenser.. Additional context from Equilibrium (film) A 2002 American science fiction film written and directed by Kurt Wimmer, and starring Christian..., Chemical equilibrium The state in which both the reactants and products are present in concentrations which have no..., Economic equilibrium A situation in which economic forces such as supply and demand are balanced and in the absence of.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/equilibration
The word 'materialistic' (unknown) is defined as: Of or pertaining to materialism or materialists; of the nature of materialism. But to me his very spiritualism seemed more materialistic than his physics. C. Kingsley.. Additional context from Materialism A form of philosophical monism which holds matter to be the fundamental substance in nature..., Historical materialism Historical materialism is Karl Marx&#039;s theory of history., Dialectical materialism A philosophy of science, history, and nature developed in Europe and based on the writings of..., Economic materialism A personal attitude which attaches importance to acquiring and consuming material goods., Christian materialism The combination of Christian theology with the ideas of materialism, a belief that matter is a..., Cultural materialism (anthropology) An anthropological research orientation first introduced by Marvin Harris in his 1968 book The..., Cultural materialism (cultural studies) Cultural materialism in literary theory and cultural studies traces its origin to the work of the..., Spiritual materialism A term coined by Chögyam Trungpa in his book Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/materialistic
Related word 'materialistical' (unknown) provides context: Of or pertaining to materialism or materialists; of the nature of materialism. But to me his very spiritualism seemed more materialistic than his physics. C. Kingsley.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/materialistical
The word 'mothering' (unknown) is defined as: A rural custom in England, of visiting one&#039;s parents on Midlent Sunday, -- supposed to have been originally visiting the mother church to make offerings at the high altar.. Additional context from Mother The female parent of a child., Mothering (magazine) A magazine published from 1976 to 2011., Mothering (language) Or motherese , a way of speaking adapted to infants and toddlers comprehension.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/mothering
The word 'anxieties' (noun) is defined as: apprehensive uneasiness or nervousness usually over an impending or anticipated ill : a state of being anxious. Additional context from Anxiety Category, Mental stress-induced myocardial ischemia - Mental stress-induced myocardial ischemia is a medical condition in which acute psychological stress can trigger a transient myocardial ischemia, which is a state of reduced blood flow to the heart muscle, often without the presence of significant coronary artery disease.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anxieties
The word 'deteriorate' (verb) is defined as: To make worse; to make inferior in quality or value; to impair; as, to deteriorate the mind. Whately. The art of war . . . was greatly deteriorated. Southey.

To grow worse; to be impaired in quality; to degenerate. Under such conditions, the mind rapidly deteriorates. Goldsmith.. Additional context from Deteriorata A parody of Les Crane&#039;s 1971 spoken word recording of Desiderata, the early 20th century poem.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/deteriorate
The word 'itinerant' (adjective) is defined as: Passing or traveling about a country; going or preaching on a circuit; wandering; not settled; as, an itinerant preacher; an itinerant peddler. The king&#039;s own courts were then itinerant, being kept in the king&#039;s palace, and removing with his household in those royal progresses which he continually made. Blackstone.

One who travels from place to place, particularly a preacher; one who is unsettled. Glad to turn itinerant, To stroll and teach from town to town. Hudibras.. Additional context from Itinerant preacher A Christian evangelist who preaches the basic Christian redemption message while traveling around..., Peredvizhniki A group of Russian realist artists who formed an artists&#039; cooperative in protest of academic..., Vagrancy (people) The condition of homelessness without regular employment or income., Mendicant A mendicant is one who practices mendicancy and relies chiefly or exclusively on alms to survive., Eyre (legal term) The name of a circuit travelled by an itinerant justice in medieval England, or the circuit court..., Justice in Eyre The highest magistrates in medieval forest law, and presided over the court of justice-seat, a..., Migrant worker A person who either migrates within their home country or outside it to pursue work.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/itinerant
The word 'dab' (noun (1)) is defined as: A skillful hand; a dabster; an expert. [Colloq.] One excels at a plan or the titlepage, another works away at the body of the book, and the therd is a dab at an index. Goldsmith.

A name given to several species of Pleuronectes . TheAmerican rough dab is Hippoglossoides platessoides.

1. To strike or touch gently, as with a soft or moist substance; to tap; hence, to besmear with a dabber. A sore should . . . be wiped . . . only by dabbing it over with fine lint. S. Sharp. 2. To strike by a thrust; to hit with a sudden blow or thrust. &quot;To dab him in the neck.&quot; Sir T. More.

1. A gentle blow with the hand or some soft substance; a sudden blow or hit; a peck. Astratch of her clame, a dab of her beack. Hawthorne. 2. A small mass of anything soft or moist.. Additional context from DAB, dab, dabs, or dabbing may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/dab
The word 'stoop' (verb) is defined as: Originally, a covered porch with seats, at a house door; the Dutch stoep as introduced by the Dutch into New York. Afterward, an out-of-door flight of stairs of from seven to fourteen steps, with platform and parapets, leading to an entrance door some distance above the street; the French perron. Hence, any porch, platform, entrance stairway, or small veranda, at a house door. [U. S.]

A vessel of liquor; a flagon. [Written also stoup.] Fetch me a stoop of liquor. Shak.

A post fixed in the earth. [Prov. Eng.]

1. To bend the upper part of the body downward and forward; to bend or lean forward; to incline forward in standing or walking; to assume habitually a bent position. 2. To yield; to submit; to bend, as by compulsion; to assume a position of humility or subjection. Mighty in her ships stood Carthage long, . . . Yet stooped to Rome, less wealthy, but more strong. Dryden. These are arts, my prince, In which your Zama does not stoop to Rome. Addison. 3. To descend from rank or dignity; to condescend. &quot;She stoops to conquer.&quot; Goldsmith. Where men of great wealth stoop to husbandry, it multiplieth riches exceedingly. Bacon. 4. To come down as a hawk does on its prey; to pounce; to souse; to swoop. The bird of Jove, stooped from his aëry tour, Two birds of gayest plume before him drove. Milton. 5. To sink when on the wing; to alight. And stoop with closing pinions from above. Dryden. Cowering low With blandishment, each bird stooped on his wing. Milton. Syn. -- To lean; yield; submit; condescend; descend; cower; shrink.

1. To bend forward and downward; to bow down; as, to stoop the body. &quot;Have stooped my neck.&quot; Shak. 2. To cause to incline downward; to slant; as, to stoop a cask of liquor. 3. To cause to submit; to prostrate. [Obs.] Many of those whose states so tempt thine ears Are stooped by death; and many left alive. Chapman. 4. To degrade. [Obs.] Shak.

1. The act of stooping, or bending the body forward; inclination forward; also, an habitual bend of the back and shoulders. 2. Descent, as from dignity or superiority; condescension; an act or position of humiliation. Can any loyal subject see With patience such a stoop from sovereignty Dryden. 3. The fall of a bird on its prey; a swoop. L&#039;Estrange.. Additional context from Stoop (architecture) A small staircase ending in a platform and leading to the entrance of an apartment building or..., Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind An American hip hop producer, DJ, and member of the underground hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks., Twickenham Stoop A sports stadium located in south-west London, England., Partial squatting But with unhealthy bending at the waist and little or no bending of the knees., The Stoop (album) The debut studio album released by duo Little Jackie, released on July 8, 2008 by S-Curve Records., Stevenage Outer Orbital Path A long distance path orbiting the town of Stevenage in Hertfordshire.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/stoop
The word 'armature' (noun) is defined as: 1. Armor; whatever is worn or used for the protection and defense of the body, esp. the protective outfit of some animals and plants. 2. (Magnetism)  A piece of soft iron used to connect the two poles of a magnet, or electro-magnet, in order to complete the circuit, or to receive and apply the magnetic force. In the ordinary horseshoe magnet, it serves to prevent the dissipation of the magnetic force. 3. (Arch.)  Iron bars or framing employed for the consolidation of a building, as in sustaining slender columns, holding up canopies, etc. Oxf. Gloss.. Additional context from Armature may refer to:Armature, kinematic chain used in computer animation to simulate the motions of virtual characters. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/armature
The word 'Ammann' (unknown) is defined as: Surname list. Additional context from Ammann is a surname of German origin which is an alternative spelling of Amtmann or Amman, an historical kind of bailiff. Notable people with the surname include:Alberto Ammann, Argentine actor . More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Ammann
Related word 'Aaberg' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aaberg or Åberg is a surname of Swedish origin. People with this surname include:Arvid Åberg (1885–1950), Swedish athlete. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaberg
Related word 'Aalto' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aalto is a Finnish Laine type surname meaning &quot;wave&quot;. Notable people with the surname include:Aino Aalto (1894–1949), Finnish architect and designer. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aalto
Related word 'Aandahl' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aandahl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:Søren Jørgensen Aandahl (1802–1886), Norwegian politician. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aandahl
Related word 'Aaronson' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aaronson is a Jewish patronymic surname, meaning &quot;son of Aaron&quot;. It is unknown as a given name. Aaronson or its variants may refer to:Brenden Aaronson, American soccer player. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaronson
Related word 'Abakumov' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Abakumov or Abakumova is a Russian surname. Variants of this surname include Abakishin/Abakishina (Абаки́шин/Абаки́шина), Abakulov/Abakulova (Абаку́лов/Абаку́лова), Abakumkin/Abakumkina (Абаку́мкин/Абаку́мкина), Abakushin/Abakushina (Абаку́шин/Абаку́шина), Abakshin/Abakshina (Аба́кшин/Аба́кшина), Abbakumov/Abbakumova (Аббаку́мов/Аббаку́мова), Avakumov/Avakumova (Аваку́мов/Аваку́мова), Avvakumov/Avvakumova (Авваку́мов/Авваку́мова), and possibly Bakulin/Bakulina (Баку́лин/Баку́лина) and Bakunin/Bakunina (Баку́нин/Баку́нина).. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abakumov
The word 'Echinocactus' (noun) is defined as: a large genus of globular or cylindrical strongly ribbed and usually very spiny cacti that occur from the southwestern U.S. in Brazil. Additional context from Echinocactus is a genus of cacti in the subfamily Cactoideae. The generic name derives from the Ancient Greek ἐχῖνος (echînos), meaning &quot;spiny,&quot; and cactus. It and Ferocactus are the two genera of barrel cactus. Members of the genus usually have heavy spination and relatively small flowers. The fruits are copiously woolly, and this is one major distinction between Echinocactus and Ferocactus. Propagation is by seed.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Echinocactus
The word 'calligraphy' (noun) is defined as: Fair or elegant penmanship.. Additional context from Calligraphy is a visual art related to writing. It is the design and execution of lettering with a pen, ink brush, or other writing instrument. Contemporary calligraphic practice can be defined as &quot;the art of giving form to signs in an expressive, harmonious, and skillful manner&quot;.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/calligraphy
The word 'affair' (noun) is defined as: 1. That which is done or is to be done; matter; concern; as, a difficult affair to manage; business of any kind, commercial, professional, or public; -- often in the plural. &quot;At the head of affairs.&quot; Junius. &quot;A talent for affairs.&quot; Prescott. 2. Any proceeding or action which it is wished to refer to or characterize vaguely; as, an affair of honor, i. e., a duel; an affair of love, i. e., an intrigue. 3. (Mil.)  An action or engagement not of sufficient magnitude to be called a battle. 4. Action; endeavor. [Obs.] And with his best affair Obeyed the pleasure of the Sun. Chapman. 5. A material object (vaguely designated). A certain affair of fine red cloth much worn and faded. Hawthorne.. Additional context from An affair is a union of more than two people in one romantic and sexual relationship, [soul tie], passionate attachment in which at least one of its participants has betrayed their partner with a third person or more people.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/affair
The word 'ironist' (noun) is defined as: One who uses irony.. Additional context from Philosophical theories. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ironist
The word 'Aenea' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Aenea may refer to:Aenea (city), a city of ancient Greece. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aenea
Related word 'A4' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A4 commonly refers to:A4 paper, a paper size defined by the ISO 216 standard, measuring 210 × 297 mm. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A4
Related word 'A5' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A5 and variants may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A5
Related word 'AAAA' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAA may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAA
Related word 'AAAL' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAL may refer to:American Association for Applied Linguistics. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAL
Related word 'AAAS' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAS may refer to:American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a learned society and center for policy research; the publisher of the journal Dædalus. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAS
The word 'celadon' (noun) is defined as: A pale sea-green color; also, porcelain or fine pottery of this tint.. Additional context from Celadon is a term for pottery denoting both wares glazed in the jade green celadon color, also known as greenware or &quot;green ware&quot;, and a type of transparent glaze, often with small cracks, that was first used on greenware, but later used on other porcelains. Celadon originated in China, though the term is purely European, and notable kilns such as the Longquan kiln in Zhejiang province are renowned for their celadon glazes. Celadon production later spread to other parts of East Asia, such as Japan and Korea, as well as Southeast Asian countries, such as Thailand. Eventually, European potteries produced some pieces, but it was never a major element there. Finer pieces are in porcelain, but both the color and the glaze can be produced in stoneware and earthenware. Most of the earlier Longquan celadon is on the border of stoneware and porcelain, meeting the Chinese but not the European definitions of porcelain.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/celadon
The word 'Agastrophus' (unknown) is defined as: In Greek mythology, Agastrophus (Ancient Greek: Ἀγάστροφος) is a Paionian &quot;hero&quot;, &quot;famed for his spear&quot;, fighting on the side of Troy in the Trojan War, killed by Diomedes. He was the son of Paeon and brother of Laophoon. 
. Additional context from In Greek mythology, Agastrophus is a Paionian &quot;hero&quot;, &quot;famed for his spear&quot;, fighting on the side of Troy in the Trojan War, killed by Diomedes. He was the son of Paeon and brother of Laophoon.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Agastrophus
The word 'panegyric' (unknown) is defined as: An oration or eulogy in praise of some person or achievement; a formal or elaborate encomium; a laudatory discourse; laudation. See Synonym of Eulogy.

Containing praise or eulogy; encomiastic; laudatory. &quot;Panegyric strains.&quot; Pope. -- Pan`e*gyr&quot;ic*al*ly, adv. Some of his odes are panegyrical. Dryden.. Additional context from Panegyrics, Speeches by type, Cults of personality. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/panegyric
The word 'Carolee' (unknown) is defined as: Name list. Additional context from Carolee is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:Carolee Carmello, American actress. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Carolee
Related word 'Aaberg' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aaberg or Åberg is a surname of Swedish origin. People with this surname include:Arvid Åberg (1885–1950), Swedish athlete. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaberg
Related word 'Aalto' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aalto is a Finnish Laine type surname meaning &quot;wave&quot;. Notable people with the surname include:Aino Aalto (1894–1949), Finnish architect and designer. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aalto
Related word 'Aandahl' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aandahl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:Søren Jørgensen Aandahl (1802–1886), Norwegian politician. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aandahl
Related word 'Aaronson' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aaronson is a Jewish patronymic surname, meaning &quot;son of Aaron&quot;. It is unknown as a given name. Aaronson or its variants may refer to:Brenden Aaronson, American soccer player. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaronson
Related word 'Abakumov' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Abakumov or Abakumova is a Russian surname. Variants of this surname include Abakishin/Abakishina (Абаки́шин/Абаки́шина), Abakulov/Abakulova (Абаку́лов/Абаку́лова), Abakumkin/Abakumkina (Абаку́мкин/Абаку́мкина), Abakushin/Abakushina (Абаку́шин/Абаку́шина), Abakshin/Abakshina (Аба́кшин/Аба́кшина), Abbakumov/Abbakumova (Аббаку́мов/Аббаку́мова), Avakumov/Avakumova (Аваку́мов/Аваку́мова), Avvakumov/Avvakumova (Авваку́мов/Авваку́мова), and possibly Bakulin/Bakulina (Баку́лин/Баку́лина) and Bakunin/Bakunina (Баку́нин/Баку́нина).. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abakumov
The word 'whitmonday' (noun) is defined as: The day following Whitsunday; -- called also Whitsun Monday.. Additional context from Azores Day - Azores Day is a regional holiday in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. It commemorates the establishment of Azorean political autonomy in the Portuguese Constitution, following the Carnation Revolution., Public holidays in Germany, Public holidays in Denmark, Public holidays in Norway, Pentecost, Monday observances, June observances, May observances. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/whitmonday
The word 'rainy' (unknown) is defined as: Abounding with rain; wet; showery; as, rainy day or season.. Additional context from Rain Category, Aquifer storage and recovery - Aquifer storage and recovery is the direct injection of surface water supplies such as potable water, reclaimed water, or river water into an aquifer for later recovery and use. The injection and extraction is often done by means of a well., Atmospheric river - An atmospheric river is a narrow corridor or filament of concentrated moisture in the atmosphere. Other names for this phenomenon are tropical plume, tropical connection, moisture plume, water vapor surge, and cloud band., Bioswale - Bioswales are channels designed to concentrate and convey stormwater runoff while removing debris and pollution. Bioswales can also be beneficial in recharging groundwater. Bioswales are typically vegetated, mulched, or xeriscaped. They consist of a swaled drainage course with gently sloped sides., Blue roof - A blue roof is a roof of a building that is designed explicitly to provide initial temporary water storage and then gradual release of stored water, typically rainfall., Cistern - A cistern is a waterproof receptacle for holding liquids, usually water. Cisterns are often built to catch and store rainwater. To prevent leakage, the interior of the cistern is often lined with hydraulic plaster. Cisterns are distinguished from wells by their waterproof linings., Hydropower - Hydropower, also known as water power, is the use of falling or fast-running water to produce electricity or to power machines. This is achieved by converting the gravitational potential or kinetic energy of a water source to produce power. Hydropower is a method of sustainable energy production.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/rainy
The word 'dislocation' (noun) is defined as: 1. The act of displacing, or the state of being displaced. T. Burnet. 2. (Geol.)  The displacement of parts of rocks or portions of strata from the situation which they originally occupied. Slips, faults, and the like, are dislocations. 3. (Surg.)  The act of dislocating, or putting out of joint; also, the condition of being thus displaced.. Additional context from In materials science, a dislocation or Taylor&#039;s dislocation is a linear crystallographic defect or irregularity within a crystal structure that contains an abrupt change in the arrangement of atoms. The movement of dislocations allow atoms to slide over each other at low stress levels and is known as glide or slip. The crystalline order is restored on either side of a glide dislocation but the atoms on one side have moved by one position. The crystalline order is not fully restored with a partial dislocation. A dislocation defines the boundary between slipped and unslipped regions of material and as a result, must either form a complete loop, intersect other dislocations or defects, or extend to the edges of the crystal. A dislocation can be characterised by the distance and direction of movement it causes to atoms which is defined by the Burgers vector. Plastic deformation of a material occurs by the creation and movement of many dislocations. The number and arrangement of dislocations influences many of the properties of materials.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/dislocation
The word 'sublimity' (noun) is defined as: 1. The quality or state of being sublime (in any sense of the adjective). 2. That which is sublime; as, the sublimities of nature. Syn. -- Grandeur; magnificence. -- Sublimity, Grandeur. The mental state indicated by these two words is the same, namely, a mingled emotion of astonishment and awe. In speaking of the quality which produces this emotion, we call it grandeur when it springs from what is vast in space, power, etc.; we call it sublimity when it springs from what is elevated far above the ordinary incidents of humanity. An immense plain is grand. The heavens are not only grand, but sublime (as the predominating emotion), from their immense height. Exalted intellect, and especially exalted virtue under severe trials, give us the sense of moral sublimity, as in the case of our Savior in his prayer for his murderers. We do not speak of Satan, when standing by the fiery gulf, with his &quot;unconquerable will and study of revenge,&quot; as a sublime object; but there is a melancholy grandeur thrown around him, as of an &quot;archangel ruined.&quot;. Additional context from Sublime (philosophy) The quality of greatness, whether physical, moral, intellectual, metaphysical, aesthetic..., Sublimity, Oregon A city in Marion County, Oregon, United States. The population was 2,681 at the 2010 census.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sublimity
The word 'Cedarbrook' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Cedarbrook may refer to:Cedarbrook, California. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Cedarbrook
The word 'patient' (unknown) is defined as: 1. Having the quality of enduring; physically able to suffer or bear. Patient of severest toil and hardship. Bp. Fell. 2. Undergoing pains, trails, or the like, without murmuring or fretfulness; bearing up with equanimity against trouble; long- suffering. 3. Constant in pursuit or exertion; persevering; calmly diligent; as, patient endeavor. Whatever I have done is due to patient thought. Sir I. Newton. 4. Expectant with calmness, or without discontent; not hasty; not overeager; composed. Not patient to expect the turns of fate. Prior. 5. Forbearing; long-suffering. Be patient toward all men. 1 Thess. v. 14.

1. ONe who, or that which, is passively affected; a passive recipient. Malice is a passion so impetuous and precipitate that often involves the agent and the patient. Gov. of Tongue. 2. A person under medical or surgical treatment; -- correlative to physician or nurse. Like a physician, . . . seeing his patient in a pestilent fever. Sir P. Sidney. In patient, a patient who receives lodging and food, as treatment, in a hospital or an infirmary. -- Out patient, one who receives advice and medicine, or treatment, from an infirmary.

To compose, to calm. [Obs.] &quot;Patient yourself, madam.&quot; Shak.. Additional context from Patient Any recipient of health care services that are performed by healthcare professionals., The Patient An American psychological thriller television limited series created and written by Joel..., Patient (grammar) The participant of a situation upon whom an action is carried out or the thematic relation such a.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/patient
The word 'scaphism' (unknown) is defined as: An ancient mode of punishing criminals among the Persians, by confining the victim in a trough, with his head and limbs smeared with honey or the like, and exposed to the sun and to insects until he died.. Additional context from Cyphonism - Cyphonism was a form of punishment using a κύφων, a kind of wooden pillory in which the neck of a malefactor would be fastened., Ancient instruments of torture, Asian instruments of torture, Execution methods, Capital punishment. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/scaphism
The word 'Bontocs' (noun) is defined as: a predominantly pagan people inhabiting northern Luzon, Philippines   compare igorot. Additional context from Igorot people - The indigenous peoples of the Cordillera in northern Luzon, Philippines, often referred to by the exonym Igorot people, or more recently, as the Cordilleran peoples, are an ethnic group composed of nine main ethnolinguistic groups whose domains are in the Cordillera Mountain Range, altogether..., Igorot, Cordillera Administrative Region, Ethnic groups in the Philippines. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bontocs
Related word 'Bontoc' (noun) provides context: a predominantly pagan people inhabiting northern Luzon, Philippines   compare igorot. Sourced from Bontoc may refer to:Bontoc, Mountain Province, Philippines. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bontoc
Related word 'Bontok' (noun) provides context: a predominantly pagan people inhabiting northern Luzon, Philippines   compare igorot. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bontok
Related word 'Bontoks' (noun) provides context: a predominantly pagan people inhabiting northern Luzon, Philippines   compare igorot. Sourced from Igorot people - The indigenous peoples of the Cordillera in northern Luzon, Philippines, often referred to by the exonym Igorot people, or more recently, as the Cordilleran peoples, are an ethnic group composed of nine main ethnolinguistic groups whose domains are in the Cordillera Mountain Range, altogether..., Igorot, Cordillera Administrative Region, Ethnic groups in the Philippines. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bontoks
The word 'being' (noun) is defined as: Existing. Note: Being was formerly used where we now use having. &quot;Being to go to a ball in a few days.&quot; Miss Edgeworth. Note: In modern usage, is, are, was or were being, with a past participle following (as built, made, etc.) indicates the process toward the completed result expressed by the participle. The form is or was building, in this passive signification, is idiomatic, and, if free from ambiguity, is commonly preferable to the modern is or was being built. The last form of speech is, however, sufficiently authorized by approved writers. The older expression was is, or was, a-building or in building. A man who is being strangled. Lamb. While the article on Burns was being written. Froude. Fresh experience is always being gained. Jowett (Thucyd. )

1. Existence, as opposed to nonexistence; state or sphere of existence. In Him we live, and move, and have our being. Acts xvii. 28. 2. That which exists in any form, whether it be material or spiritual, actual or ideal; living existence, as distinguished from a thing without life; as, a human being; spiritual beings. What a sweet being is an honest mind ! Beau. &amp; Fl. A Being of infinite benevolence and power. Wordsworth. 3. Lifetime; mortal existence. [Obs.] Claudius, thou Wast follower of his fortunes in his being. Webster (1654). 4. An abode; a cottage. [Prov. Eng.] Wright. It was a relief to dismiss them [Sir Roger&#039;s servants] into little beings within my manor. Steele.

Since; inasmuch as. [Obs. or Colloq.] And being you have Declined his means, you have increased his malice. Beau. &amp; Fl.. Additional context from Being The state of being real or participating in reality.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/being
The word 'Carroll' (N/A) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Carroll may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Carroll
The word 'microphthalmia' (unknown) is defined as: An unnatural smallness of the eyes, occurring as the result of disease or of imperfect development.. Additional context from Congenital disorders of eyes. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/microphthalmia
Related word 'microphthalmy' (unknown) provides context: An unnatural smallness of the eyes, occurring as the result of disease or of imperfect development.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/microphthalmy
The word 'midge' (unknown) is defined as: 1. Any one of many small, delicate, long-legged flies of the Chironomus, and allied genera, which do not bite. Their larvæ are usually aquatic. 2. A very small fly, abundant in many parts of the United States and Canada, noted for the irritating quality of its bite. Note: The name is also applied to various other small flies. See Wheat midge, under Wheat.. Additional context from Midge Any small fly, including species in several families of non-mosquito Nematoceran Diptera., Midge Ure A Scottish musician, singer-songwriter and record producer., Midget A term for a person of unusually short stature that is considered by some to be pejorative due to.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/midge
The word 'pronephros' (unknown) is defined as: The head kidney. See under Head.. Additional context from Mesonephros - The mesonephros is one of three excretory organs that develop in vertebrates. It serves as the main excretory organ of aquatic vertebrates and as a temporary kidney in reptiles, birds, and mammals., Metanephros - Kidney development, or nephrogenesis, describes the embryologic origins of the kidney, a major organ in the urinary system. This article covers a 3 part developmental process that is observed in most reptiles, birds and mammals, including humans., Kidney, Embryology of urogenital system. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pronephros
Related word 'pronephron' (unknown) provides context: The head kidney. See under Head.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pronephron
The word 'aridity' (adjective) is defined as: 1. The state or quality of being arid or without moisture; dryness. 2. Fig.: Want of interest of feeling; insensibility; dryness of style or feeling; spiritual drought. Norris.. Additional context from Aridity is the condition of a region that severely lacks available water, to the extent of hindering or preventing the growth and development of plant and animal life. Regions with arid climates tend to lack vegetation and are called xeric or desertic. Most arid climates are located in the subtropics; these regions include parts of Africa, Asia, South America, North America, and Australia.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aridity
The word 'insanely' (adverb) is defined as: Without reason; madly; foolishly.. Additional context from Insanity Category, Rosenhan, David L. - David L. Rosenhan was an American psychologist. He is best known for the Rosenhan experiment, a study challenging the validity of psychiatry diagnoses., Obsolete medical terms. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/insanely
The word 'Adib' (unknown) is defined as: Name list. Additional context from Adib (Arabic:أديب) is a given name and a surname meaning enlighted writer or one who practises adab. Notable people having this name:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Adib
The word 'anticultural' (adjective) is defined as: attacking or opposing the culture of a particular ethnic group. Additional context from Anti-intellectualism Category, Antiscience – attitudes that reject science and the scientific method., Populism – when the democratic ethos moves into places it is purported not to belong; paradigmatically academic research., Ressentiment – tendency to reflexively detract from others, e.g. as regards their greater, implicitly perceived, intelligence; as described chiefly by Nietzsche and Scheler ., Conspiracy theory – attributing events to secret plots instead of more probable explanation., Decapitation strike and or just cultural genocide generally – imperial strategy, wherein destroying a society&#039;s epistemic elite makes subduing it much easier;., Counter-Enlightenment , not to be confused with the more recent Dark Enlightenment – Various intellectual stances against mainstream attitudes of the 18th-century Enlightenment., Social theories, Academia. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anticultural
The word 'crustaceans' (noun) is defined as: any of a large class (Crustacea) of mostly aquatic mandibulate arthropods that have a chitinous or calcareous and chitinous exoskeleton, a pair of often much modified appendages on each segment, and two pairs of antennae and that include the lobsters, shrimp, crabs, wood lice, water fleas, and barnacles. Additional context from Pain in crustaceans - There is a scientific debate which questions whether crustaceans experience pain. It is a complex mental state, with a distinct perceptual quality but also associated with suffering, which is an emotional state., Cambrian Series 2 first appearances, Extant Cambrian first appearances, Crustaceans. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/crustaceans
The word 'facetiae' (plural noun) is defined as: Witty or humorous writings or saying; witticisms; merry conceits.. Additional context from The Facetiae is an anthology of jokes by Poggio Bracciolini (1380–1459), first published in 1470. It was the first printed joke book. The collection, &quot;the most famous jokebook of the Renaissance&quot;, is notable for its inclusion of scatological jokes and tales, six of the tales involving flatulation humor and six involving defecation.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/facetiae
The word 'Alentejo' (unknown) is defined as: Region of Portugal. Additional context from Alentejo is a geographical, historical, and cultural region of south–central and southern Portugal. In Portuguese, its name means &quot;beyond the Tagus river&quot; (Tejo).. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Alentejo
The word 'futz' (verb) is defined as: fool around. Additional context from Futz or Futz! may refer to:Futz, a play by Rochelle Owens. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/futz
Related word 'futzed' (verb) provides context: fool around. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/futzed
Related word 'futzes' (verb) provides context: fool around. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/futzes
Related word 'futzing' (verb) provides context: fool around. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/futzing
Related word 'lallygag' (verb) provides context: to fool around and waste time : dawdle. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/lallygag
The word 'Cesaro' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Cesaro may refer to:Cesarò, a town in Italy. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Cesaro
The word 'Bourgogne' (noun) is defined as: a red or white unblended wine from Burgundy. Additional context from Burgundy A historical territory and a former administrative region of east-central France., Melon de Bourgogne A variety of white grape grown primarily in the Loire Valley region of France., SS La Bourgogne A French ocean liner, which sank in 1898, with the loss of 549 lives., Bourgogne, Marne A commune of the Marne department in northeastern France., French ship Bourgogne (1767) A 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy., French ship Duc de Bourgogne (1752) An 80-gun ship of the line of the French Navy., French submarine Casabianca (S603) A first-generation nuclear attack submarine of the French Navy., Duchy of Burgundy The Duchy of Burgundy existed from 1032 as a successor of an ancient and prestigious patrimony.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bourgogne
Related word 'Burgundian' (noun) provides context: a red or white unblended wine from Burgundy. Sourced from Burgundian can refer to any of the following:Someone or something from Burgundy.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Burgundian
Related word 'Burgundies' (noun) provides context: a red or white unblended wine from Burgundy. Sourced from Burgundy Category, Former regions of France, NUTS 2 statistical regions of the European Union. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Burgundies
The word 'cough' (verb) is defined as: To expel air, or obstructing or irritating matter, from the lungs or air passages, in a noisy and violent manner.

1. To expel from the lungs or air passages by coughing; -- followed by up; as, to cough up phlegm. 2. To bring to a specified state by coughing; as, he coughed himself hoarse. To cough down, to silence or put down (an objectionable speaker) by simulated coughing.

1. A sudden, noisy, and violent expulsion of air from the chest, caused by irritation in the air passages, or by the reflex action of nervous or gastric disorder, etc. 2. The more or less frequent repetition of coughing, constituting a symptom of disease. Stomach cough, Ear cough, cough due to irritation in the stomach or ear.. Additional context from A cough is a sudden expulsion of air through the large breathing passages which can help clear them of fluids, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. As a protective reflex, coughing can be repetitive with the cough reflex following three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cough
The word 'agust' (noun) is defined as: a bast fiber derived from a southern Indian plant (Sesbania grandiflora). Additional context from No wiki source found. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/agust
The word 'sheaf' (noun) is defined as: A sheave. [R.]

1. A quantity of the stalks and ears of wheat, rye, or other grain, bound together; a bundle of grain or straw. The reaper fills his greedy hands, And binds the golden sheaves in brittle bands. Dryden. 2. Any collection of things bound together; a bundle; specifically, a bundle of arrows sufficient to fill a quiver, or the allowance of each archer, -- usually twenty-four. The sheaf of arrows shook and rattled in the case. Dryden.

To gather and bind into a sheaf; to make into sheaves; as, to sheaf wheat.

To collect and bind cut grain, or the like; to make sheaves. They that reap must sheaf and bind. Shak.. Additional context from Sheaf (mathematics) A tool for systematically tracking data attached to the open sets of a topological space and..., Sheaf (agriculture) A bunch of cereal-crop stems bound together after reaping, traditionally by sickle, later by..., Sceafa An ancient Lombardic king in English legend., Sheaf toss A traditional Scottish agricultural sport event originally contested at country fairs., River Sheaf The River Sheaf in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, flows northwards, past Dore, through..., The Sheaf A student-run newspaper serving the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan..., Aluma A moshav in southern Israel.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sheaf
The word 'gue' (noun) is defined as: A sharper; a rogue. [Obs.] J. Webstar.. Additional context from Guernsey An island in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy that is part of the Bailiwick of..., Global Underwater Explorers A scuba diving organization that provides education within recreational, technical, and cave diving., Gue An extinct type of two-stringed bowed lyre or zither from the Shetland Isles., Belle Willey Gue An American writer. She was born on April 8, 1860, in Inland Iowa, the daughter of Ward Willis..., Benjamin F. Gue Benjamin F. Gue was a newspaper editor, member of Iowa House of Representatives; member of Iowa..., Geneon Universal Entertainment A Japanese music, anime, and home entertainment production and distribution enterprise..., Great Underground Empire An interactive fiction computer game., Gue (Lahul and Spiti) A village in the Lahul &amp; Spiti district of the state of Himachal Pradesh in India., European United Left–Nordic Green Left A democratic-socialist political group in the European Parliament.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gue
The word 'eukaryote' (noun) is defined as: any of a domain (Eukarya) or a higher taxonomic group (Eukaryota) above the kingdom that includes organisms composed of one or more cells containing visibly evident nuclei and organelles   compare archaea. Additional context from The eukaryotes constitute the domain of Eukarya or Eukaryota, organisms whose cells have a membrane-bound nucleus. All animals, plants, fungi, and many unicellular organisms are eukaryotes. They constitute a major group of life forms alongside the two groups of prokaryotes: the Bacteria and the Archaea. Eukaryotes represent a small minority of the number of organisms, but given their generally much larger size, their collective global biomass is much larger than that of prokaryotes.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eukaryote
Related word 'eucaryote' (noun) provides context: any of a domain (Eukarya) or a higher taxonomic group (Eukaryota) above the kingdom that includes organisms composed of one or more cells containing visibly evident nuclei and organelles   compare archaea. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eucaryote
Related word 'eucaryotic' (noun) provides context: any of a domain (Eukarya) or a higher taxonomic group (Eukaryota) above the kingdom that includes organisms composed of one or more cells containing visibly evident nuclei and organelles   compare archaea. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eucaryotic
The word 'primrose league' (unknown) is defined as: A league of both sexes among the Conservatives, founded in 1883. So called because primrose was (erroneously, it is said) taken to be the favorite flower of the Conservative statesman Benjamin Disraeli, Earl of Beaconsfield.. Additional context from Primrose Day - Primrose Day marked the anniversary of the death of the British statesman and prime minister Benjamin Disraeli, 1st Earl of Beaconsfield, on 19 April 1881., Primrose Club - The Primrose Club was a short-lived political London gentlemen&#039;s club founded in 1886 and located at 4-5 Park Place, St. James&#039;s. It was aligned to the Conservative party, with members having to pledge support., Organisations associated with the Conservative Party (UK), Political history of the United Kingdom. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/primrose league
The word 'cashaw' (noun) is defined as: Index of plants with the same common name. Additional context from Cashaw is a vernacular name for several plants. The term is derived from the colloquial English dialects, in particular Jamaican patois. It can refer to:Certain algarrobo, bayahonda and mesquite trees in the Fabaceae. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cashaw
Related word 'acapu' (noun) provides context: Index of plants with the same common name. Sourced from Acapu is a common name of Tupi origin for several timber-producing South American trees and may refer to:Andira. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acapu
Related word 'akeake' (noun) provides context: Index of plants with the same common name. Sourced from Akeake is the name of at least three New Zealand species of tree:Dodonaea viscosa, akeake. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/akeake
Related word 'albahaca' (noun) provides context: Index of plants with the same common name. Sourced from Albahaca may refer to:Ocimum campechianum, widespread across the Americas from Mexico southward.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/albahaca
Related word 'algarrobilla' (noun) provides context: Index of plants with the same common name. Sourced from Algarrobilla, small carob in Spanish, also written algarovilla, may refer to :Balsamocarpon brevifolium, a plant species found in Chile. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/algarrobilla
Related word 'algerita' (noun) provides context: Index of plants with the same common name. Sourced from Algerita is a common name for several species of barberry, including:Berberis haematocarpa, native to southwestern North America. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/algerita
The word 'abba' (noun) is defined as: Father; religious superior; -- in the Syriac, Coptic, and Ethiopic churches, a title given to the bishops, and by the bishops to the patriarch.. Additional context from ABBA A Swedish pop supergroup formed in Stockholm in 1972 by Agnetha Fältskog, Björn Ulvaeus.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/abba
The word 'rigol' (unknown) is defined as: A circle; hence, a diadem. [Obs.] Shak.. Additional context from Electronic test equipment manufacturers, Manufacturing companies based in Beijing, Instrument-making corporations, Electronics companies of China. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/rigol
The word 'Dard' (noun) is defined as: dardic. Additional context from Darad or Dard may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Dard
Related word 'Orakzai' (unknown) provides context: &#039;Orakzai or Wrakzai a Persian Iraqi/Irani/Afghan Nomads(Pashto: وركزۍ) are Persian ,Pashtun tribe native to the Orakzai Agency, parts of Kurram Agency, Khyber agency, located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Orakzais also have a sub-tribe in the Maidan Wardak Province of Afghanistan. They speak the Pashto language. Also there are communities of them living in Isfahan, Iran.
They are descended from the Qajar Dynasty a Persian Oghuz Turkic Empire.
Exiled Prince of Iran Named Sikandar Shah Got Adopted by Karlan and settled in Tirah. That’s how they got their name but that’s something most of Orakzai aren’t aware of. They also have Relation with Dardic &amp;amp; Indo-Aryan Tirahis
. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Orakzai
The word 'millerite' (unknown) is defined as: A believer in the doctrine of William Miller (d. 1849), who taught that the end of the world and the second coming of Christ were at hand.

A sulphide of nickel, commonly occurring in delicate capillary crystals, also in incrustations of a bronze yellow; -- sometimes called hair pyrites.. Additional context from Nickel Mines, Pennsylvania - Nickel Mines is a hamlet that is located in Bart Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. The zip code is 17562 and the area code is 717. The area now has a sizable Amish community., Nickel minerals, Sulfide minerals, Trigonal minerals. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/millerite
The word 'friability' (adjective) is defined as: easily crumbled or pulverized. Additional context from In materials science, friability, the condition of being friable, describes the tendency of a solid substance to break into smaller pieces under stress or contact, especially by rubbing. The opposite of friable is indurate.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/friability
The word 'urbane' (adjective) is defined as: Courteous in manners; polite; refined; elegant.. Additional context from LG Watch Urbane A smartwatch released by LG Corporation on April 27, 2015., Urbanity Urbanity ur·ban·i·ty /ˌərˈbanitē/ noun 1., Urbane Magazine A lifestyle magazine run by undergraduate students at the University of Toronto, in Toronto.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/urbane
The word 'bird pepper' (noun) is defined as: A species of capsicum (Capsicum baccatum), whose small, conical, coral-red fruit is among the most piquant of all red peppers. BIRD&#039;S-BEAK Bird&#039;s&quot;-beak`, n. (Arch.)  A molding whose section is thought to resemble a beak.. Additional context from Capsicum cultivars. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bird pepper
The word 'feminity' (noun) is defined as: Womanliness; femininity. [Obs.] &quot;Trained up in true feminity.&quot; Spenser.. Additional context from Femininity Category, Feminine psychology - Feminine psychology or the psychology of women is an approach that focuses on social, economic, and political issues confronting women all throughout their lives. It emerged as a reaction to male-dominated developmental theories such as Sigmund Freud&#039;s view of female sexuality., Feminism - Feminism is a range of socio-political movements and ideologies that aim to define and establish the political, economic, personal, and social equality of the sexes., Feminization (sociology) - In sociology, feminization is the shift in gender roles and sex roles in a society, group, or organization towards a focus upon the feminine. It can also mean the incorporation of women into a group or a profession that was once dominated by men., Effeminacy - Effeminacy or male femininity is the embodiment of feminine traits in boys or men, particularly those considered untypical of men or masculinity. These traits include roles, stereotypes, behaviors, and appearances that are socially associated with girls and women., Gender role - A gender role, or sex role, is a set of socially accepted behaviors and attitudes deemed appropriate or desirable for individuals based on their sex. Gender roles are usually centered on conceptions of masculinity and femininity, although there are exceptions and variations., Gender studies - Gender studies is an interdisciplinary academic field devoted to analysing gender identity and gendered representation. Gender studies originated in the field of women&#039;s studies, concerning women, feminism, gender, and politics. The field now overlaps with queer studies and men&#039;s studies.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/feminity
The word 'collinses' (noun) is defined as: a tall iced drink of soda water, sugar, lemon or lime juice, and liquor (such as gin). Additional context from Collins Aerospace An American technology company that is one of the world&#039;s largest suppliers of aerospace and..., HarperCollins An Anglo-American publishing company that is considered to be one of the &quot;Big Five&quot;..., Collins-class submarine The Collins-class submarines are Australian-built diesel-electric submarines operated by the.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/collinses
Related word 'Collins' (noun) provides context: a tall iced drink of soda water, sugar, lemon or lime juice, and liquor (such as gin). Sourced from Collins may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Collins
The word 'actualization' (verb) is defined as: A making actual or really existent. [R.] Emerson.. Additional context from Autodidacticism - Autodidacticism or self-education is the practice of education without the guidance of schoolmasters.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/actualization
The word 'Baden-Baden' (N/A) is defined as: Spa town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Additional context from Baden-Baden is a spa town in the state of Baden-Württemberg, south-western Germany, at the north-western border of the Black Forest mountain range on the small river Oos, ten kilometres east of the Rhine, the border with France, and forty kilometres north-east of Strasbourg, France.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Baden-Baden
The word 'salesman' (unknown) is defined as: One who sells anything; one whose occupation is to sell goods or merchandise.. Additional context from Sales Activities related to selling or the number of goods sold in a given targeted time period., Death of a Salesman A 1949 stage play written by the American playwright Arthur Miller., The Salesman (2016 film) A 2016 Iranian-French drama film written and directed by Asghar Farhadi and starring Taraneh.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/salesman
The word 'CEN' (abbreviation) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Cen or CEN may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/CEN
The word 'Carpathia' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Carpathia or Kárpátia may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Carpathia
The word 'droop' (verb) is defined as: 1. To hang bending downward; to sink or hang down, as an animal, plant, etc., from physical inability or exhaustion, want of nourishment, or the like. &quot;The purple flowers droop.&quot; &quot;Above her drooped a lamp.&quot; Tennyson. I saw him ten days before he died, and observed he began very much to droop and languish. Swift. 2. To grow weak or faint with disappointment, grief, or like causes; to be dispirited or depressed; to languish; as, her spirits drooped. I&#039;ll animate the soldier&#039;s drooping courage. Addison. 3. To proceed downward, or toward a close; to decline. &quot;Then day drooped.&quot; Tennyson.

To let droop or sink. [R.] M. Arnold. Like to a withered vine That droops his sapless branches to the ground. Shak.

A drooping; as, a droop of the eye.. Additional context from To droop means to hang down, to sag, particularly if limp. Droop may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/droop
The word 'capitalization' (noun) is defined as: The act or process of capitalizing.. Additional context from Capitalization or capitalisation is writing a word with its first letter as a capital letter and the remaining letters in lower case, in writing systems with a case distinction. The term also may refer to the choice of the casing applied to text.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/capitalization
The word 'aldol' (noun) is defined as: A colorless liquid, C4H8O2, obtained by condensation of two molecules of acetaldehyde: CH3CHO + CH3CHO = H3CH(OH)CH2CO; also, any of various derivatives of this. The same reaction has been applied, under the name of aldol condensation, to the production of many compounds.. Additional context from In organic chemistry, an aldol is a structure consisting of a hydroxy group (-OH) two carbons away from either an aldehyde or a ketone. The name combines the suffix &#039;ol&#039; from the alcohol and the prefix depending on the carbonyl group, either &#039;ald&#039; for an aldehyde, or &#039;ket&#039; for a ketone, in which case it referred to as a &#039;ketol&#039;. An aldol may also use the term β-hydroxy aldehyde. The term &quot;aldol&quot; may refer to 3-hydroxybutanal.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aldol
The word 'coeliac' (adjective) is defined as: Relating to the abdomen, or to the cavity of the abdomen. Coeliac artery (Anat.), the artery which issues from the aorta just below the diaphragm; -- called also coeliac axis. -- Coeliac flux, Coeliac passion (Med.), a chronic flux or diarrhea of undigested food.. Additional context from Celiac plexus A complex network of nerves located in the abdomen, near where the celiac trunk, superior.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/coeliac
Related word 'celiac' (adjective) provides context: See Coellac.

Relating to the abdomen, or to the cavity of the abdomen. Coeliac artery (Anat.), the artery which issues from the aorta just below the diaphragm; -- called also coeliac axis. -- Coeliac flux, Coeliac passion (Med.), a chronic flux or diarrhea of undigested food.. Sourced from Celiac may refer to:Coeliac disease. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/celiac
The word 'commendam' (noun) is defined as: A vacant living or benefice commended to a cleric (usually a bishop) who enjoyed the revenue until a pastor was provided. A living so held was said to be held in commendam. The practice was abolished by law in 1836. There was [formerly] some sense for commendams. Selden. Partnership in commendam. See under Partnership.. Additional context from Commendatory abbot - A commendatory abbot is an ecclesiastic, or sometimes a layman, who holds an abbey in commendam, drawing its revenues but not exercising any authority over its inner monastic discipline. If a commendatory abbot is an ecclesiastic, however, he may have limited jurisdiction.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/commendam
The word 'abulia' (noun) is defined as: Neurological symptom of lack of will or initiative. Additional context from In neurology, abulia, or aboulia, refers to a lack of will or initiative and can be seen as a disorder of diminished motivation (DDM). Abulia falls in the middle of the spectrum of diminished motivation, with apathy being less extreme and akinetic mutism being more extreme than abulia. The condition was originally considered to be a disorder of the will, and aboulic individuals are unable to act or make decisions independently; and their condition may range in severity from subtle to overwhelming. In the case of akinetic mutism, many patients describe that as soon as they &quot;will&quot; or attempt a movement, a &quot;counter-will&quot; or &quot;resistance&quot; rises up to meet them.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/abulia
The word 'nephrite' (unknown) is defined as: A hard compact mineral, of a dark green color, formerly worn as a remedy for diseases of the kidneys, whence its name; kidney stone; a kind of jade. See Jade.. Additional context from Amphibole group, Jade, Symbols of Wyoming. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/nephrite
The word 'blue-nosed' (noun) is defined as: a person who advocates a rigorous moral code. Additional context from Bluenose A fishing and racing gaff rig schooner built in 1921 in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, Canada., Bluenose II A replica of the fishing and racing schooner Bluenose, commissioned by Sidney Culverwell Oland..., Bluenose one-design sloop A Canadian sailboat, that was designed by William James Roué as a one design racer and first..., MV Bluenose A Canadian passenger and motor vehicle ferry operated by Canadian National Railways and later CN..., Flying Bluenose A Canadian luxury passenger train operated by the Dominion Atlantic Railway between Halifax..., Bluenose (postage stamp) The nickname for a 50-cent definitive postage stamp issued by the Canadian Post Office on 8..., Bluenose warehou A medusafish of the family Centrolophidae found in all the southern oceans, at depths of between..., Bluenose cod A large predatory freshwater fish of the genus Maccullochella and the family Percichthyidae..., Blue-nosed bream A species of anadromous ray-finned fish of the porgy family Sparidae., The Blue Noses Group The Blue Noses, an artistic duo consisting of Alexander Shaburov and Vyacheslav Mizin, was.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/blue-nosed
Related word 'blue-nose' (noun) provides context: a person who advocates a rigorous moral code. Sourced from Provincial symbols of Nova Scotia, Tall ships of Canada, Ships built in Nova Scotia, Maritime history of Canada, Schooners. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/blue-nose
Related word 'bluenosed' (noun) provides context: a person who advocates a rigorous moral code. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bluenosed
Related word 'bluenoses' (noun) provides context: a person who advocates a rigorous moral code. Sourced from Bluenose A fishing and racing gaff rig schooner built in 1921 in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, Canada., Bluenose II A replica of the fishing and racing schooner Bluenose, commissioned by Sidney Culverwell Oland..., Bluenose one-design sloop A Canadian sailboat, that was designed by William James Roué as a one design racer and first..., MV Bluenose A Canadian passenger and motor vehicle ferry operated by Canadian National Railways and later CN..., Flying Bluenose A Canadian luxury passenger train operated by the Dominion Atlantic Railway between Halifax..., Bluenose (postage stamp) The nickname for a 50-cent definitive postage stamp issued by the Canadian Post Office on 8..., Bluenose warehou A medusafish of the family Centrolophidae found in all the southern oceans, at depths of between..., Bluenose cod A large predatory freshwater fish of the genus Maccullochella and the family Percichthyidae..., Blue-nosed bream A species of anadromous ray-finned fish of the porgy family Sparidae., The Blue Noses Group The Blue Noses, an artistic duo consisting of Alexander Shaburov and Vyacheslav Mizin, was.... Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bluenoses
The word 'fadeaway' (noun) is defined as: screwball. Additional context from A fadeaway or fall-away in basketball is a jump shot taken while jumping backwards, away from the basket. The goal is to create space between the shooter and the defender, making the shot much harder to block. The shooter must have very good accuracy, much higher than when releasing a regular jump shot, and must use more strength to counteract the backwards momentum in a relatively short amount of time. Because the movement is away from the basket, the shooter also has less chance to grab their own rebound.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fadeaway
Related word 'fadeaways' (noun) provides context: screwball. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fadeaways
Related word 'kook' (noun) provides context: one whose ideas or actions are eccentric, fantastic, or insane : screwball. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/kook
Related word 'kooks' (noun) provides context: one whose ideas or actions are eccentric, fantastic, or insane : screwball. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/kooks
The word 'arboral' (adjective) is defined as: arboreal. Additional context from Nations of Axeoth. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/arboral
Related word 'arbored' (adjective) provides context: Furnished with an arbor; lined with trees. &quot;An arboreal walk.&quot; Pollok.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/arbored
Related word 'arboreal' (adjective) provides context: 1. Of or pertaining to a tree, or to trees; of nature of trees. Cowley. 2. Attached to, found in or upon, or frequenting, woods or trees; as, arboreal animals. Woodpeckers are eminently arboreal. Darwin.. Sourced from Arboreal locomotion Category. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/arboreal
Related word 'arborary' (adjective) provides context: Of or pertaining to trees; arboreal.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/arborary
Related word 'dragon' (noun) provides context: 1. (Myth.)  A fabulous animal, generally represented as a monstrous winged serpent or lizard, with a crested head and enormous claws, and regarded as very powerful and ferocious. The dragons which appear in early paintings and sculptures are invariably representations of a winged crocodile. Fairholt. Note: In Scripture the term dragon refers to any great monster, whether of the land or sea, usually to some kind of serpent or reptile, sometimes to land serpents of a powerful and deadly kind. It is also applied metaphorically to Satan. Thou breakest the heads of the dragons in the waters. Ps. lxxiv. 13. Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder; the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet. Ps. xci. 13. He laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil and Satan, and bound him a thousand years. Rev. xx. 2. 2. A fierce, violent person, esp. a woman. Johnson. 3. (Astron.)  A constellation of the northern hemisphere figured as a dragon; Draco. 4. A luminous exhalation from marshy grounds, seeming to move through the air as a winged serpent. 5. (Mil. Antiq.)  A short musket hooked to a swivel attached to a soldier&#039;s belt; -- so called from a representation of a dragon&#039;s head at the muzzle. Fairholt. 6. (Zoöl.)  A small arboreal lizard of the genus Draco, of several species, found in the East Indies and Southern Asia. Five or six of the hind ribs, on each side, are prolonged and covered with weblike skin, forming a sort of wing. These prolongations aid them in making long leaps from tree to tree. Called also flying lizard. 7. (Zoöl.)  A variety of carrier pigeon. 8. (Her.)  A fabulous winged creature, sometimes borne as a charge in a coat of arms. Note: Dragon is often used adjectively, or in combination, in the sense of relating to, resembling, or characteristic of, a dragon. Dragon arum (Bot.), the name of several species of Arisæma, a genus of plants having a spathe and spadix. See Dragon root(below). -- Dragon fish (Zoöl.), the dragonet. -- Dragon fly (Zoöl.), any insect of the family Libellulidæ. They have finely formed, large and strongly reticulated wings, a large head with enormous eyes, and a long body; -- called also mosquito hawks. Their larvæ are aquatic and insectivorous. -- Dragon root (Bot.), an American aroid plant (Arisæma Dracontium); green dragon. -- Dragon&#039;s blood, a resinous substance obtained from the fruit of several species of Calamus, esp. from C. Rotang and C. Draco, growing in the East Indies. A substance known as dragon&#039;s blood is obtained by exudation from Dracæna Draco; also from Pterocarpus Draco, a tree of the West Indies and South America. The color is red, or a dark brownish red, and it is used chiefly for coloring varnishes, marbles, etc. Called also Cinnabar Græcorum. -- Dragon&#039;s head. (a) (Bot.) A plant of several species of the genus Dracocephalum. They are perennial herbs closely allied to the common catnip. (b) (Astron.) The ascending node of a planet, indicated, chiefly in almanacs, b. Sourced from A dragon is a magical legendary creature that appears in the folklore of multiple cultures worldwide. Beliefs about dragons vary considerably through regions, but dragons in Western cultures since the High Middle Ages have often been depicted as winged, horned, and capable of breathing fire. Dragons in eastern cultures are usually depicted as wingless, four-legged, serpentine creatures with above-average intelligence. Commonalities between dragons&#039; traits are often a hybridization of feline, reptilian, mammalian, and avian features. Some scholars believe large extinct or migrating crocodiles bear the closest resemblance, especially when encountered in forested or swampy areas, and are most likely the template of modern Asian dragon imagery.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/dragon
Related word 'anole' (noun) provides context: any of a genus (Anolis) of arboreal American lizards (such as the green anole) of the iguana family that have a brightly colored dewlap and the ability to change color. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anole
The word 'humpback' (noun) is defined as: 1. A crooked back; a humped back. Tatler. 2. A humpbacked person; a hunchback. 3. (Zoöl.) (a) Any whale of the genus Megaptera, characterized by a hump or bunch on the back. Several species are known. The most common ones in the North Atlantic are Megaptera longimana of Europe, and M. osphyia of America; that of the California coasts is M. versabilis. (b) A small salmon (Oncorhynchus gorbuscha), of the northwest coast of America.. Additional context from Humpback whale A species of baleen whale. It is a rorqual and is the only species in the genus Megaptera., Humpback dolphin Humpback dolphins are members of the genus Sousa., Humpback salmon A species of anadromous fish in the salmon family., Humpback bridge A name for a type of bridge, specifically an arch bridge, where the span is higher than the ramps..., Hump Back (Japanese band) A three-member all-female Japanese rock band.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/humpback
The word 'pooler' (unknown) is defined as: A stick for stirring a tan vat.. Additional context from Mighty Eighth Air Force Museum - The National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force is a non-profit organization with a museum facility located in Pooler, Georgia, in the western suburbs of Savannah., Cities in Chatham County, Georgia, Savannah metropolitan area, Cities in Georgia (U.S. state). More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pooler
The word 'bearberry' (noun) is defined as: A trailing plant of the heath family (Arctostaphylos uva-ursi), having leaves which are tonic and astringent, and glossy red berries of which bears are said to be fond.. Additional context from Bearberries are three species of dwarf shrubs in the genus Arctostaphylos. Unlike the other species of Arctostaphylos, they are adapted to Arctic and subarctic climates, and have a circumpolar distribution in northern North America, Asia and Europe.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bearberry
The word 'bain' (N/A) is defined as: A bath; a bagnio. [Obs.] Holland.. Additional context from Bain may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bain
The word 'puerperal' (unknown) is defined as: Of or pertaining to childbirth; as, a puerperal fever.. Additional context from Postpartum period The postpartum period begins after childbirth and is typically considered to last for six weeks., Puerperal disorder A disease which presents primarily during the days and weeks after childbirth., Puerperal mastitis Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder, usually associated with breastfeeding., Puerperal bipolar disorder Postpartum psychosis, also known as puerperal psychosis or peripartum psychosis, involves the.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/puerperal
The word 'meionite' (unknown) is defined as: A member of the scapolite, group, occuring in glassy crystals on Monte Somma, near Naples.. Additional context from Tectosilicates, Tetragonal minerals, Calcium minerals. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/meionite
The word 'bordering' (noun) is defined as: an outer part or edge. Additional context from Border barrier - A border barrier, border fence or border wall is a separation barrier that runs along or near an international border. Such barriers are typically constructed for border control purposes such as curbing illegal immigration, human trafficking, and smuggling., Border control - Border control comprises measures taken by governments to monitor and regulate the movement of people, animals, and goods across land, air, and maritime borders., Border irregularities of the United States - Border irregularities of the United States, particularly panhandles and highway incursions into other jurisdictions, are shown here. Often they are a result of borders which do not conform to geological features such as changes in the course of a river that previously marked a border., Borders of the Roman Empire - The borders of the Roman Empire, which fluctuated throughout the empire&#039;s history, were realised as a combination of military roads and linked forts, natural frontiers and man-made fortifications which separated the lands of the empire from the countries beyond., Boundaries between the continents of Earth - Determining the boundaries between the continents is generally a matter of geographical convention. Several slightly different conventions are in use., Boundary delimitation - Boundary delimitation is the drawing of boundaries, particularly of electoral precincts, states, counties or other municipalities. In the context of elections, it can be called redistribution and is used to prevent unbalance of population across districts., Borders. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bordering
Related word 'bordered' (noun) provides context: an outer part or edge. Sourced from Border barrier - A border barrier, border fence or border wall is a separation barrier that runs along or near an international border. Such barriers are typically constructed for border control purposes such as curbing illegal immigration, human trafficking, and smuggling., Border control - Border control comprises measures taken by governments to monitor and regulate the movement of people, animals, and goods across land, air, and maritime borders., Border irregularities of the United States - Border irregularities of the United States, particularly panhandles and highway incursions into other jurisdictions, are shown here. Often they are a result of borders which do not conform to geological features such as changes in the course of a river that previously marked a border., Borders of the Roman Empire - The borders of the Roman Empire, which fluctuated throughout the empire&#039;s history, were realised as a combination of military roads and linked forts, natural frontiers and man-made fortifications which separated the lands of the empire from the countries beyond., Boundaries between the continents of Earth - Determining the boundaries between the continents is generally a matter of geographical convention. Several slightly different conventions are in use., Boundary delimitation - Boundary delimitation is the drawing of boundaries, particularly of electoral precincts, states, counties or other municipalities. In the context of elections, it can be called redistribution and is used to prevent unbalance of population across districts., Borders. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bordered
Related word 'borderers' (noun) provides context: an outer part or edge. Sourced from Borderers can mean any of the following:Those in the United Kingdom who live in the Anglo-Scottish or Anglo-Welsh borders.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/borderers
Related word 'borders' (noun) provides context: an outer part or edge. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/borders
The word 'submitter' (noun) is defined as: One who submits. Whitlock.. Additional context from Quranism, Islamic organizations. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/submitter
The word 'ultrared' (adjective) is defined as: Situated beyond or below the red rays; as, the ultrated rays of the spectrum, which are less refrangible than the red.. Additional context from Letterist International - The Letterist International was a Paris-based collective of radical artists and cultural theorists between 1952 and 1957. It was created by Guy Debord and Gil J. Wolman rejoined by Jean-Louis Brau and Serge Berna as a schism from Isidore Isou&#039;s Letterist group., Musique concrète - Musique concrète is a type of music composition that utilizes recorded sounds as raw material. Sounds are often modified through the application of audio signal processing and tape music techniques, and may be assembled into a form of sound collage., Sound poetry - Sound poetry is an artistic form bridging literacy and musical composition, in which the phonetic aspects of human speech are foregrounded instead of more conventional semantic and syntactic values; &quot;verse without words&quot;. By definition, sound poetry is intended primarily for performance., Ambient music groups, American artist groups and collectives. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ultrared
The word 'Blackford' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Blackford might refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Blackford
The word 'lieve' (N/A) is defined as: Same as Lief.. Additional context from Ons&#039; Lieve Heer op Solder A 17th-century canal house, house church, and museum in the city center of Amsterdam, The..., Lieve Fransen A senior adviser to the European Policy Centre on health, social and migration policies,and..., Lieve Joris A Belgian non-fiction writer on the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa., Lieve van Kessel A Dutch field hockey player., Lieve Maes A Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Belgian..., Lieve Slegers A former long-distance runner from Belgium, who won the Rotterdam Marathon on 28 April 1996..., Lieve Van Ermen A Flemish politician and cardiologist., Lieve Wierinck A Belgian Member of the European Parliament since May 2016 for the Open Flemish Liberals and..., Lieve Geelvinck The son of Joan Geelvinck and grandson of Cornelis Geelvinck and, following them into the..., Lieve Verschuier A Dutch Golden Age painter of maritime subjects.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/lieve
The word 'inflected' (verb) is defined as: 1. Bent; turned; deflected. 2. (Gram.)  Having inflections; capable of, or subject to, inflection; inflective. Inflected cycloid (Geom.), a prolate cycloid. See Cycloid.. Additional context from Agreement (linguistics) - In linguistics, agreement or concord occurs when a word changes form depending on the other words to which it relates. It is an instance of inflection, and usually involves making the value of some grammatical category &quot;agree&quot; between varied words or parts of the sentence., Diction - Diction, in its original meaning, is a writer&#039;s or speaker&#039;s distinctive vocabulary choices and style of expression in a poem or story., Intonation (linguistics) - In linguistics, intonation is the variation in pitch used to indicate the speaker&#039;s attitudes and emotions, to highlight or focus an expression, to signal the illocutionary act performed by a sentence, or to regulate the flow of discourse., Introflection - Nonconcatenative morphology, also called discontinuous morphology and introflection, is a form of word formation and inflection in which the root is modified and which does not involve stringing morphemes together sequentially., ʾIʿrab - ʾIʿrāb is an Arabic term for the system of nominal, adjectival, or verbal suffixes of Classical Arabic to mark grammatical case., Lexeme - A lexeme is a unit of lexical meaning that underlies a set of words that are related through inflection. It is a basic abstract unit of meaning, a unit of morphological analysis in linguistics that roughly corresponds to a set of forms taken by a single root word., Linguistics terminology, Linguistic morphology, Grammar. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/inflected
The word 'shemitism' (unknown) is defined as: See Semitism.. Additional context from Antisemitism Antisemitism is hostility to, prejudice towards, or discrimination against Jews., Semitic people An obsolete term for an ethnic, cultural or racial group associated with people of the Middle..., Philosemitism The feeling or expression of interest in, respect for, and appreciation of Jews on the part of a..., Semitism (linguistics) A grammatical or syntactical behaviour in a language which reveals that the influence of a..., Judaism An Abrahamic, monotheistic, and widely an ethnic religion.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/shemitism
The word 'legend' (noun) is defined as: 1. That which is appointed to be read; especially, a chronicle or register of the lives of saints, formerly read at matins, and in the refectories of religious houses. 2. A story respecting saints; especially, one of a marvelous nature. Addison. 3. Any wonderful story coming down from the past, but not verifiable by historical record; a myth; a fable. And in this legend all that glorious deed. Read, whilst you arm you. Fairfax. 4. An inscription, motto, or title, esp. one surrounding the field in a medal or coin, or placed upon an heraldic shield or beneath an engraving or illustration. Golden legend. See under Golden.

To tell or narrate, as a legend. Bp. Hall.. Additional context from The Matter of Britain , Arthurian legend., Legendary saga - A legendary saga or fornaldarsaga is a Norse saga that, unlike the Icelanders&#039; sagas, takes place before the settlement of Iceland. There are some exceptions, such as Yngvars saga víðförla, which takes place in the 11th century., Legendary creature - A legendary creature is a type of fantasy entity, typically a hybrid, that has not been proven and that is described in folklore, but may be featured in historical accounts before modernity., Lists of legendary creatures - The following is a list of lists of legendary creatures, beings and entities from the folklore record. Entries consist of legendary and unique creatures, not of particularly unique individuals of a commonly known species., Narrative history - Narrative history is the practice of writing history in a story-based form., Traditional stories, Legends, Narratology, Literary genres, Folklore. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/legend
The word 'prosperous' (unknown) is defined as: 1. Tending to prosperity; favoring; favorable; helpful. A happy passage and a prosperous wind. Denham. 2. Being prospered; advancing in the pursuit of anything desirable; making gain, or increase; thriving; successful; as, a prosperous voyage; a prosperous undertaking; a prosperous man or nation. By moderation either state to bear Prosperous or adverse. Milton. Syn. -- Fortunate; successful; flourishing; thriving; favorable; auspicious; lucky. See Fortunate. -- Pros&quot;per*ous*ly, adv. --Pros&quot;per*ous*ness, n.. Additional context from Prosperous Justice Party An Islamist political party in Indonesia., Prosperous Armenia A conservative political party in Armenia., Prosperous, County Kildare A town in north County Kildare, Ireland.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/prosperous
The word 'cryptoxanthin' (noun) is defined as: a red crystalline carotenoid alcohol C40H55OH that occurs in many plants (as yellow corn and papaya), in blood serum, and in some animal products (as butter and egg yolk) and that is a precursor of vitamin A. Additional context from Tetraterpenes, Carotenoids. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cryptoxanthin
The word 'counterargument' (noun) is defined as: an opposing argument. Additional context from In reasoning and argument mapping, a counterargument is an objection to an objection. A counterargument can be used to rebut an objection to a premise, a main contention or a lemma. Synonyms of counterargument may include rebuttal, reply, counterstatement, counterreason, comeback and response. The attempt to rebut an argument may involve generating a counterargument or finding a counterexample.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/counterargument
Related word 'counterargue' (verb) provides context: to give (reasons, statements, or facts) in opposition to an argument or in support of an opposing argument : to make or give (a counterargument). Sourced from Inference objection - In informal logic, an inference objection is an objection to an argument based not on any of its stated premises, but rather on the relationship between premise and contention., Counterclaim - In a court of law, a party&#039;s claim is a counterclaim if one party asserts claims in response to the claims of another., Informal arguments. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/counterargue
Related word 'counterargued' (verb) provides context: to give (reasons, statements, or facts) in opposition to an argument or in support of an opposing argument : to make or give (a counterargument). Sourced from Inference objection - In informal logic, an inference objection is an objection to an argument based not on any of its stated premises, but rather on the relationship between premise and contention., Counterclaim - In a court of law, a party&#039;s claim is a counterclaim if one party asserts claims in response to the claims of another., Informal arguments. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/counterargued
Related word 'counterargues' (verb) provides context: to give (reasons, statements, or facts) in opposition to an argument or in support of an opposing argument : to make or give (a counterargument). Sourced from Inference objection - In informal logic, an inference objection is an objection to an argument based not on any of its stated premises, but rather on the relationship between premise and contention., Counterclaim - In a court of law, a party&#039;s claim is a counterclaim if one party asserts claims in response to the claims of another., Informal arguments. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/counterargues
Related word 'counterarguing' (verb) provides context: to give (reasons, statements, or facts) in opposition to an argument or in support of an opposing argument : to make or give (a counterargument). Sourced from Inference objection - In informal logic, an inference objection is an objection to an argument based not on any of its stated premises, but rather on the relationship between premise and contention., Counterclaim - In a court of law, a party&#039;s claim is a counterclaim if one party asserts claims in response to the claims of another., Informal arguments. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/counterarguing
The word 'pinfeather' (unknown) is defined as: A feather not fully developed; esp., a rudimentary feather just emerging through the skin.. Additional context from Feathers, Bird anatomy. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pinfeather
The word 'milken' (unknown) is defined as: Consisting of milk. [Obs.]. Additional context from Michael Milken An American financier and philanthropist., Milken Institute An independent economic think tank based in Santa Monica, California., Lowell Milken An American businessman, philanthropist, and co-founder and chairman of the Milken Family..., Milken Institute School of Public Health The school of public health of the George Washington University, in Washington, DC. U.S. News &amp;..., Milken Community Schools A private Jewish high school and middle school.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/milken
The word 'anglian' (noun) is defined as: Of or pertaining to the Angles. -- n.  One of the Angles.. Additional context from Anglian may refer to:Anglian, meaning &quot;of the Angles&quot;, a Germanic people who settled in Britain in the post-Roman period. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anglian
The word 'swiss' (noun) is defined as: A native or inhabitant of Switzerland; a Switzer; the people of Switzerland.

Of or pertaining to Switzerland, or the people of Switzerland.. Additional context from Swiss International Air Lines The flag carrier of Switzerland and a subsidiary of the Lufthansa Group., Swissair The national airline of Switzerland between its founding in 1931 and bankruptcy in 2002., Swiss-system tournament A non-eliminating tournament format that features a fixed number of rounds of competition, but..., Swiss people The citizens of the multi-ethnic Swiss Confederation regardless of ethno-cultural background or.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/swiss
The word 'conquer' (verb) is defined as: 1. To gain or acquire by force; to take possession of by violent means; to gain dominion over; to subdue by physical means; to reduce; to overcome by force of arms; to cause to yield; to vanquish. &quot;If thou conquer Rome.&quot; Shak. If we be conquer&#039;d, let men conquer us. Shak. We conquered France, but felt our captive&#039;s charms. Pope. 2. To subdue or overcome by mental or moral power; to surmount; as, to conquer difficulties, temptatin, etc. By winning words to conquer hearts, And make persuasion do the work of fear. Milton. 3. To gain or obtain, overcoming obstacles in the way; to win; as, to conquer freedom; to conquer a peace. Syn. -- To subdue; vanquish; overcome; overpower; overthrow; defeat; rout; discomfit; subjugate; reduce; humble; crush; surmount; subject; master. -- To Conquer, Vanquish, Subdue, Subjugate, Overcome. These words agree in the general idea expressed by overcome, -- that of bringing under one&#039;s power by the exertion of force. Conquer is wider and more general than vanquish, denoting usually a succession of conflicts. Vanquish is more individual, and refers usually to a single conflict. Thus, Alexander conquered Asia in a succession of battles, and vanquished Darius in one decisive engagement. Subdue implies a more gradual and continual pressure, but a surer and more final subjection. We speak of a nation as subdued when its spirit is at last broken, so that no further resistance is offered. Subjugate is to bring completely under the yoke of bondage. The ancient Gauls were never finally subdued by the Romans until they were completely subjugated. These words, when used figuratively, have correspondent meanings. We conquer our prejudices or aversions by a succesion of conflicts; but we sometimes vanquish our reluctance to duty by one decided effort: we endeavor to subdue our evil propensities by watchful and persevering exertions. Subjugate is more commonly taken in its primary meaning, and when used figuratively has generally a bad sense; as, his reason was completely subjugated to the sway of his passions.

To gain the victory; to overcome; to prevail. He went forth conquering and to conquer. Rev. vi. 2. The champions resolved to conquer or to die. Waller.. Additional context from Conquer may refer to:Conquer, 2008. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/conquer
The word 'ritual' (noun) is defined as: Of or pertaining to rites or ritual; as, ritual service or sacrifices; the ritual law.

1. A prescribed form of performing divine service in a particular church or communion; as, the Jewish ritual. 2. Hence, the code of ceremonies observed by an organization; as, the ritual of the freemasons. 3. A book containing the rites to be observed.. Additional context from Ritual A sequence of activities involving gestures, words, actions, or revered objects., The Ritual (2017 film) A 2017 British supernatural folk horror film directed by David Bruckner and written by Joe Barton., Roman Ritual The Roman Ritual is one of the official liturgical books of the Roman Rite of the Latin Church.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ritual
The word 'ski' (noun) is defined as: Same as Skee.. Additional context from Noboard - Powder surfing, also known as powsurfing and often spelled as one word e.g. &quot;powdersurfing&quot;, is the act of surfing on snow free of any form of bindings and without the aid of ropes, hooks or bungee cords., Monoski - A monoski is a single wide ski used for skiing on snow. The same boots, bindings, and poles are used as in alpine skiing. Unlike in snowboarding, both feet face forward, rather than sideways to the direction of travel., Skwal - A skwal is the main piece of equipment used for skwalling, a hybrid sport combining the carving of skiing and riding feel of snowboarding. It is similar to a snowboard or monoski in that both feet are attached to the same board., Snowboard - Snowboards are boards where the user places both feet, usually secured, to the same board. The board itself is wider than most skis, with the ability to glide on snow. Snowboards widths are between 6 and 12 inches or 15 to 30 centimeters., Snurfer - The Snurfer was the predecessor of the snowboard. It was a monoski, ridden like a snowboard, but like a skateboard or surfboard, it had no binding. According to the 1966 patent by inventor Sherman Poppen, it was wider and shorter than a pair of skis, with an anti-skid foot rest., Splitboard - A splitboard is a snowboard that can be separated into two ski-like parts used with climbing skins to ascend slopes the same way alpine touring or telemark skis are. The main difference is that a splitboard will have an additional metal edge for extra grip in ski mode., Skiing equipment. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ski
The word 'sympathetically' (adjective) is defined as: In a sympathetic manner.. Additional context from Altruism - Altruism is the principle and practice of concern for the well-being and/or happiness of other humans or animals above oneself. While objects of altruistic concern vary, it is an important moral value in many cultures and religions., Condolence - Condolences are an expression of sympathy to someone who is experiencing pain arising from death, deep mental anguish, or misfortune. When individuals condole, or offer their condolences to a particular situation or person, they are offering active conscious support of that person or activity., Mimpathy - Mimpathy is a philosophical concept related to empathy and sympathy. In Dagobert D. Runes&#039; 1942 Dictionary of Philosophy, contributor Herman Hausheer defines mimpathy as the sharing of another&#039;s feelings on a matter, without necessarily experiencing feelings of sympathy., Moral emotions - Moral emotions are a variety of social emotions that are involved in forming and communicating moral judgments and decisions, and in motivating behavioral responses to one&#039;s own and others&#039; moral behavior., Superficial sympathy - Crocodile tears, or superficial sympathy, is a false, insincere display of emotion such as a hypocrite crying fake tears of grief., Virtue, Emotions, Interpersonal relationships. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sympathetically
The word 'luminosity' (noun) is defined as: The quality or state of being luminous; luminousness.. Additional context from Luminosity An absolute measure of radiated electromagnetic power, the radiant power emitted by a..., Luminance A photometric measure of the luminous intensity per unit area of light travelling in a given..., Luminous flux The measure of the perceived power of light., Luminosity (scattering theory) The ratio of the number of events detected in a certain time to the interaction cross-section..., Luminosity (yacht) Luminosity is one of the largest yachts in the world, with a length of 107.2 meters., Luminosity - Ignite the Night! Luminosity - Ignite the Night!, often shortened to Luminosity, is a nighttime show performed..., Luminosity function (astronomy) In astronomy, the luminosity function gives the number of stars or galaxies per luminosity interval., Luminosity Gaming A professional esports organization based in North America.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/luminosity
The word 'declining' (adjective) is defined as: of or relating to the period during which something is deteriorating or nearing its end. Additional context from The Decline of the West A two-volume work by Oswald Spengler., Decadence The word decadence refers to a late 19th century movement emphasizing the need for sensationalism..., Ottoman decline thesis An obsolete historical narrative which once played a dominant role in the study of the history of..., &quot;Decline&quot; (song) A song by English-Swiss singer and songwriter Raye featuring Nigerian singer and songwriter Mr..., &quot;Decline&quot; (Brass Eye) A 1997 television episode., The Decline (EP) An EP by NOFX. It was released on November 23, 1999., The Decline (band) An Australian skate punk band from Perth who formed in 2005., The Decline (film) A 2020 Canadian action thriller film directed by Patrice Laliberté in his feature debut.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/declining
The word 'Carbondale' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Carbondale may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Carbondale
Related word 'A4' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A4 commonly refers to:A4 paper, a paper size defined by the ISO 216 standard, measuring 210 × 297 mm. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A4
Related word 'A5' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A5 and variants may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A5
Related word 'AAAA' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAA may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAA
Related word 'AAAL' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAL may refer to:American Association for Applied Linguistics. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAL
Related word 'AAAS' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAS may refer to:American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a learned society and center for policy research; the publisher of the journal Dædalus. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAS
The word 'vanishing' (verb) is defined as: a. &amp; n. from Vanish, v. Vanishing fraction (Math.), a fraction which reduces to the form Math. Dict. -- Vanishing line (Persp.), the intersection of the parallel of any original plane and picture; one of the lines converging to the vanishing point. -- Vanishing point (Persp.), the point to which all parallel lines in the same plane tend in the representation. Gwilt. -- Vanishing stress (Phon.), stress of voice upon the closing portion of a syllable. Rush.. Additional context from A Void A 300-page French lipogrammatic novel, written in 1969 by Georges Perec, entirely without.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/vanishing
The word 'topic' (noun) is defined as: (a) One of the various general forms of argument employed in probable as distinguished from demonstrative reasoning, -- denominated by Aristotle to`poi (literally, places), as being the places or sources from which arguments may be derived, or to which they may be referred; also, a prepared form of argument, applicable to a great variety of cases, with a supply of which the ancient rhetoricians and orators provided themselves; a commonplace of argument or oratory. (b) pl.  A treatise on forms of argument; a system or scheme of forms or commonplaces of argument or oratory; as, the Topics of Aristotle. These topics, or loci, were no other than general ideas applicable to a great many different subjects, which the orator was directed to consult. Blair. In this question by [reason] I do not mean a distinct topic, but a transcendent that runs through all topics. Jer. Taylor. 2. An argument or reason. [Obs.] Contumacious persons, who are not to be fixed by any principles, whom no topics can work upon. Bp. Wilkins. 3. The subject of any distinct portion of a discourse, or argument, or literary composition; also, the general or main subject of the whole; a matter treated of; a subject, as of conversation or of thought; a matter; a point; a head. 4. (Med.)  An external local application or remedy, as a plaster, a blister, etc. [Obsoles.] Wiseman.

Topical. Drayton. Holland.. Additional context from Perl Glossary. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/topic
The word 'kentledge' (noun) is defined as: Pigs of iron used for ballast. [Written also kintlidge.]. Additional context from Watercraft components, Mechanisms (engineering). More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/kentledge
The word 'eryngo' (noun) is defined as: A plant of the genus Eryngium.. Additional context from Eryngium Category. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eryngo
The word 'defibrillator' (noun) is defined as: an electronic device that applies an electric shock to restore the rhythm of a fibrillating heart. Additional context from Advanced cardiac life support - Advanced cardiac life support, advanced cardiovascular life support refers to a set of clinical guidelines for the urgent and emergent treatment of life-threatening cardiovascular conditions that will cause or have caused cardiac arrest, using advanced medical procedures, medications, and..., Automated external defibrillator - An automated external defibrillator or automatic electronic defibrillator is a portable electronic device that automatically diagnoses the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias of ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia, and is able to treat them through defibrillation, the..., Ambulance - An ambulance is a medically-equipped vehicle used to transport patients to treatment facilities, such as hospitals. Typically, out-of-hospital medical care is provided to the patient during the transport., Cardioversion - Cardioversion is a medical procedure by which an abnormally fast heart rate or other cardiac arrhythmia is converted to a normal rhythm using electricity or drugs., Myocardial infarction - A myocardial infarction, commonly known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow decreases or stops in one of the coronary arteries of the heart, causing infarction to the heart muscle., Wearable cardioverter defibrillator - A wearable cardioverter defibrillator is a non-invasive, external device for patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest. It allows physicians time to assess their patient&#039;s arrhythmic risk and see if their ejection fraction improves before determining the next steps in patient care., Emergency medical procedures, Cardiac electrophysiology, Medical devices. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/defibrillator
Related word 'defibrillate' (noun) provides context: an electronic device that applies an electric shock to restore the rhythm of a fibrillating heart. Sourced from Advanced cardiac life support - Advanced cardiac life support, advanced cardiovascular life support refers to a set of clinical guidelines for the urgent and emergent treatment of life-threatening cardiovascular conditions that will cause or have caused cardiac arrest, using advanced medical procedures, medications, and..., Automated external defibrillator - An automated external defibrillator or automatic electronic defibrillator is a portable electronic device that automatically diagnoses the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias of ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia, and is able to treat them through defibrillation, the..., Ambulance - An ambulance is a medically-equipped vehicle used to transport patients to treatment facilities, such as hospitals. Typically, out-of-hospital medical care is provided to the patient during the transport., Cardioversion - Cardioversion is a medical procedure by which an abnormally fast heart rate or other cardiac arrhythmia is converted to a normal rhythm using electricity or drugs., Myocardial infarction - A myocardial infarction, commonly known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow decreases or stops in one of the coronary arteries of the heart, causing infarction to the heart muscle., Wearable cardioverter defibrillator - A wearable cardioverter defibrillator is a non-invasive, external device for patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest. It allows physicians time to assess their patient&#039;s arrhythmic risk and see if their ejection fraction improves before determining the next steps in patient care., Emergency medical procedures, Cardiac electrophysiology, Medical devices. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/defibrillate
Related word 'defibrillated' (noun) provides context: an electronic device that applies an electric shock to restore the rhythm of a fibrillating heart. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/defibrillated
Related word 'defibrillating' (noun) provides context: an electronic device that applies an electric shock to restore the rhythm of a fibrillating heart. Sourced from Advanced cardiac life support - Advanced cardiac life support, advanced cardiovascular life support refers to a set of clinical guidelines for the urgent and emergent treatment of life-threatening cardiovascular conditions that will cause or have caused cardiac arrest, using advanced medical procedures, medications, and..., Automated external defibrillator - An automated external defibrillator or automatic electronic defibrillator is a portable electronic device that automatically diagnoses the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias of ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia, and is able to treat them through defibrillation, the..., Ambulance - An ambulance is a medically-equipped vehicle used to transport patients to treatment facilities, such as hospitals. Typically, out-of-hospital medical care is provided to the patient during the transport., Cardioversion - Cardioversion is a medical procedure by which an abnormally fast heart rate or other cardiac arrhythmia is converted to a normal rhythm using electricity or drugs., Myocardial infarction - A myocardial infarction, commonly known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow decreases or stops in one of the coronary arteries of the heart, causing infarction to the heart muscle., Wearable cardioverter defibrillator - A wearable cardioverter defibrillator is a non-invasive, external device for patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest. It allows physicians time to assess their patient&#039;s arrhythmic risk and see if their ejection fraction improves before determining the next steps in patient care., Emergency medical procedures, Cardiac electrophysiology, Medical devices. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/defibrillating
Related word 'defibrillation' (noun) provides context: an electronic device that applies an electric shock to restore the rhythm of a fibrillating heart. Sourced from Defibrillation is a treatment for life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias, specifically ventricular fibrillation (V-Fib) and non-perfusing ventricular tachycardia (V-Tach). A defibrillator delivers a dose of electric current to the heart. Although not fully understood, this process depolarizes a large amount of the heart muscle, ending the arrhythmia. Subsequently, the body&#039;s natural pacemaker in the sinoatrial node of the heart is able to re-establish normal sinus rhythm. A heart which is in asystole (flatline) cannot be restarted by a defibrillator; it would be treated only by cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and medication, and then by cardioversion or defibrillation if it converts into a shockable rhythm.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/defibrillation
The word 'ligament' (noun) is defined as: 1. Anything that ties or unites one thing or part to another; a bandage; a bond. Hawthorne. Interwoven is the love of liberty with every ligament of your hearts. Washington. 2. (Anat.) (a) A tough band or plate of dense, fibrous, connective tissue or fibrocartilage serving to unite bones or form joints. (b) A band of connective tissue, or a membranous fold, which supports or retains an organ in place; as, the gastrophrenic ligament, connecting the diaphragm and stomach.. Additional context from Ligamentous laxity - Ligamentous laxity, or ligament laxity, is a cause of chronic body pain characterized by loose ligaments. When this condition affects joints in the entire body, it is called generalized joint hypermobility, which occurs in about ten percent of the population, and may be genetic., Broström procedure - The Broström operation is a repair of ligaments on lateral ankle. It is designed to address ankle instability. More importantly, it is primarily used to repair the anterior talofibular ligament in the ankle. It is thought that the majority of patients regain most function in their ankles., Soft tissue, Ligaments, Skeletal system. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ligament
The word 'dimmy' (unknown) is defined as: Somewhat dim; as, dimmish eyes. &quot;Dimmy clouds.&quot; Sir P. Sidney.. Additional context from Dim sum - Dim sum is a large range of small Chinese dishes that are traditionally enjoyed in restaurants for brunch, with a &quot;selection of over 1,000 varieties of small-plate Chinese foods, usually meat or vegetables in dough or a wrapper that is steamed, deep-fried or pan-fried.&quot;, Chinese restaurants in Australia - At the beginning of the 21st century, Chinese restaurants have been present in a significant majority of Australian cities and towns for over fifty years, and in many places for over one hundred and fifty years. They emerged as commercial enterprises on the Victorian gold fields in 1854., Chinese-Australian culture, Australian Chinese cuisine, Australian snack foods, Dumplings. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/dimmy
The word 'mantilla' (noun) is defined as: 1. A lady&#039;s light cloak of cape of silk, velvet, lace, or the like. 2. A kind of veil, covering the head and falling down upon the shoulders; -- worn in Spain, Mexico, etc.. Additional context from A mantilla is a traditional female liturgical lace or silk veil or shawl worn over the head and shoulders, often over a high hair ornament called a peineta, particularly popular with women in Spain and Latin America. It is also worn by Catholic and Plymouth Brethren women around the world, Mennonite women in Argentina, and without the peineta by Eastern Orthodox women in Russia. When worn by Eastern Orthodox women the mantilla is often white, and is worn with the ends crossed over the neck and draped over the opposite shoulder. The mantilla is worn as a Christian headcovering by women during church services, as well as during special occasions. A smaller version of the mantilla is called a toquilla.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/mantilla
The word 'bottomry' (noun) is defined as: A contract in the nature of a mortgage, by which the owner of a ship, or the master as his agent, hypothecates and binds the ship (and sometimes the accruing freight) as security for the repayment of money advanced or lent for the use of the ship, if she terminates her voyage successfully. If the ship is lost by perils of the sea, the lender loses the money; but if the ship arrives safe, he is to receive the money lent, with the interest or premium stipulated, although it may, and usually does, exceed the legal rate of interest. See Hypothecation.. Additional context from A bottomry, or bottomage, is an arrangement in which the master of a ship borrows money upon the bottom or keel of it, so as to forfeit the ship itself to the creditor, if the money with interest is not paid at the time appointed at the ship&#039;s safe return.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bottomry
The word 'spiraea' (noun) is defined as: A genus of shrubs or perennial herbs including the meadowsweet and the hardhack.. Additional context from Spiraea Category, Rosaceae genera. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/spiraea
The word 'cancel' (verb) is defined as: 1. To inclose or surround, as with a railing, or with latticework. [Obs.] A little obscure place canceled in with iron work is the pillar or stump at which . . . our Savior was scourged. Evelyn. 2. To shut out, as with a railing or with latticework; to exclude. [Obs.] &quot;Canceled from heaven.&quot; Milton. 3. To cross and deface, as the lines of a writing, or as a word or figure; to mark out by a cross line; to blot out or obliterate. A deed may be avoided by delivering it up to be cancelled; that is, to have lines drawn over it in the form of latticework or cancelli; the phrase is now used figuratively for any manner of obliterating or defacing it. Blackstone. 4. To annul or destroy; to revoke or recall. The indentures were canceled. Thackeray. He was unwilling to cancel the interest created through former secret services, by being refractory on this occasion. Sir W. Scott. 5. (Print.)  To suppress or omit; to strike out, as matter in type. Canceled figures (Print), figures cast with a line across the face., as for use in arithmetics. Syn. -- To blot out; Obliterate; deface; erase; efface; expunge; annul; abolish; revoke; abrogate; repeal; destroy; do away; set aside. See Abolish.

1. An inclosure; a boundary; a limit. [Obs.] A prison is but a retirement, and opportunity of serious thoughts, to a person whose spirit . . . desires no enlargement beyond the cancels of the body. Jer. Taylor. 2. (Print) (a) The suppression on striking out of matter in type, or of a printed page or pages. (b) The part thus suppressed.. Additional context from Cancel, cancellation, or cancelled may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cancel
The word 'inefficiency' (noun) is defined as: The quality of being inefficient; want of power or energy sufficient; want of power or energy sufficient for the desired effect; inefficacy; incapacity; as, he was discharged from his position for inefficiency.. Additional context from Efficiency The ability to avoid wasting materials, energy, efforts, money, and time in doing something or in..., Efficiency (fair division) A situation where no individual or preference criterion can be made better off without making at..., Energy efficiency (physics) The ratio between the useful output of an energy conversion machine and the input, in energy terms., Efficiency (aerodynamics) The lift generated by an aerodynamic body such as an aerofoil or aircraft, divided by the..., Efficiency (apartment) A small apartment in which the normal functions of a number of rooms – often the living room..., Efficiency (basketball) In professional basketball, the most commonly used statistical benchmark for comparing the..., Efficiency (economics) In microeconomics, economic efficiency is, roughly speaking, a situation in which nothing can be..., Efficiency (finance) A condition under which a portfolio can be improved in the eyes of all risk-averse investors by..., Efficiency (mechanical) Mechanical efficiency measures the effectiveness of a machine in transforming the energy and..., Efficiency (network science) A measure of how efficiently it exchanges information., Efficiency (statistics) A measure of quality of an estimator, of an experimental design, or of a hypothesis testing.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/inefficiency
The word 'pelerine' (unknown) is defined as: A woman&#039;s cape; especially, a fur cape that is longer in front than behind. PELE&#039;S HAIR Pe&quot;le&#039;s hair. [After a Hawaiian goddess associated with the crater Kilauea.]  Glass threads or fibers formed by the wind from bits blown from frothy lava or from the tips of lava jets or from bits of liquid lava thrown into the air. It often collects in thick masses resembling tow.. Additional context from Fashion terminology, 1830s fashion, Robes and cloaks, 19th-century fashion. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pelerine
The word 'printing' (noun) is defined as: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts; typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block printing. See under Block. -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass front, in which prints are made by exposure to light. -- Printing house, a printing office. -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil, made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for the finer qualities. Ure. -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers, etc., are printed. -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets, newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper, wrapping paper, etc. -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper, handbills, etc. -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery, used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.. Additional context from Printing Category, History of printing, Textual scholarship, Documents. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/printing
The word 'Maples' (noun) is defined as: any of a genus (Acer of the family Aceraceae, the maple family) of chiefly deciduous trees or shrubs with opposite leaves and a fruit of two united samaras. Additional context from Maples may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Maples
The word 'seaworthy' (unknown) is defined as: Fit for a voyage; worthy of being trusted to transport a cargo with safety; as, a seaworthy ship.. Additional context from Transport law, Water transport, Nautical terminology. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/seaworthy
The word 'bullbaiting' (noun) is defined as: the former practice of baiting bulls with dogs. Additional context from Badger-baiting - Badger-baiting is a form of blood sport in which badgers are baited with dogs. A baiting session typically results in the death of the badger, and possibly serious injuries to the dogs., Beargarden - The Beargarden was a facility for bear-baiting, bull-baiting, and other &quot;animal sports&quot; in the London area during the 16th and 17th centuries, from the Elizabethan era to the English Restoration period., Bull running - Bull running was a custom practised in England until the 19th century. It involved chasing a bull through the streets of a town until it was weakened, then slaughtering the animal and butchering it for its meat., Bullfighting - Bullfighting is a physical contest that involves a bullfighter attempting to subdue, immobilize, or kill a bull, usually according to a set of rules, guidelines, or cultural expectations., Stamford bull run - The Stamford bull run was a bull-running and bull-baiting event in the English town of Stamford, Lincolnshire. It was held on St Brice&#039;s Day, for perhaps more than 600 years, until 1839., Baiting (blood sport). More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bullbaiting
The word 'feuillants' (unknown) is defined as: A reformed branch of the Bernardines, founded in 1577 at Feuillans, near Toulouse, in France.. Additional context from Feuillant (political group) A political grouping that emerged during the French Revolution., Congregation of the Feuillants A Roman Catholic congregation, originating in the 1570s as a reform of the Cistercian life in Les.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/feuillants
The word 'symmetry' (noun) is defined as: 1. A due proportion of the several parts of a body to each other; adaptation of the form or dimensions of the several parts of a thing to each other; the union and conformity of the members of a work to the whole. 2. (Biol.)  The law of likeness; similarity of structure; regularity in form and arrangement; orderly and similar distribution of parts, such that an animal may be divided into parts which are structurally symmetrical. Note: Bilateral symmetry, or two-sidedness, in vertebrates, etc., is that in which the body can be divided into symmetrical halves by a vertical plane passing through the middle; radial symmetry, as in echinoderms, is that in which the individual parts are arranged symmetrically around a central axis; serial symmetry, or zonal symmetry, as in earthworms, is that in which the segments or metameres of the body are disposed in a zonal manner one after the other in a longitudinal axis. This last is sometimes called metamerism. 3. (Bot.) (a) Equality in the number of parts of the successive circles in a flower. (b) Likeness in the form and size of floral organs of the same kind; regularity. Axis of symmetry. (Geom.) See under Axis. -- Respective symmetry, that disposition of parts in which only the opposite sides are equal to each other.. Additional context from Symmetry Symmetry in everyday language refers to a sense of harmonious and beautiful proportion and balance., Molecular symmetry Molecular symmetry in chemistry describes the symmetry present in molecules and the..., Symmetry in biology Symmetry in biology refers to the symmetry observed in organisms, including plants, animals.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/symmetry
The word 'cedry' (unknown) is defined as: Of the nature of cedar. [R.]. Additional context from Cedry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stawiski, 18 km (11 mi) east of Kolno, and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cedry
The word 'despotic' (adjective) is defined as: Having the character of, or pertaining to, a despot; absolute in power; possessing and abusing unlimited power; evincing despotism; tyrannical; arbitrary. -- Des*pot&quot;ic*al*ly, adv. -- Des*pot&quot;ic*al*ness, n.. Additional context from Autocracy - Autocracy is a system of government in which absolute power is held by the ruler, known as an autocrat. It includes most forms of monarchy and dictatorship, while it is contrasted with democracy and feudalism. Various definitions of autocracy exist.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/despotic
The word 'pina cloth' (unknown) is defined as: A fine material for ladies&#039; shawls, scarfs, handkerchiefs, etc., made from the fiber of the pineapple leaf, and perhaps from other fibrous tropical leaves. It is delicate, soft, and transparent, with a slight tinge of pale yellow.. Additional context from Abacá - Abacá, Musa textilis, is a species of banana endemic to the Philippines. The plant grows to 13–22 feet, and averages about 12 feet. The plant, also known as Manila hemp, has great economic importance, being harvested for its fiber, also called Manila hemp, extracted from the leaf-stems., Batik - Batik is an Indonesian technique of wax-resist dyeing applied to the whole cloth. This technique originated from the island of Java, Indonesia. Batik is made either by drawing dots and lines of wax with a spouted tool called a canting, or by printing the wax with a copper stamp called a cap., Inabel - Inabel, sometimes referred to as Abel Iloco or simply Abel, is a weaving tradition native to the Ilocano people of Northern Luzon in the Philippines., Malong - The malong is a traditional Filipino-Bangsamoro rectangular or tube-like wraparound skirt bearing a variety of geometric or okir designs. The malong is traditionally used as a garment by both men and women of the numerous ethnic groups in the mainland Mindanao and parts of the Sulu Archipelago., Nata de piña - Nata de piña, also marketed as pineapple gel or pineapple gelatin, is a chewy, translucent, jelly-like food produced by the fermentation of pineapple juice., Piñatex - Piñatex is the trade name for a non-biodegradable leather alternative made from cellulose fibres extracted from pineapple leaves, PLA, and petroleum-based resin. Piñatex was developed by Carmen Hijosa and first presented at the PhD graduate exhibition at the Royal College of Art, London., Pineapples, Fiber plants, Tropical agriculture, History of Asian clothing, Woven fabrics. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pina cloth
The word 'Arion' (noun) is defined as: Legendary musician of ancient Greece. Additional context from Arion was a kitharode in ancient Greece, a Dionysiac poet credited with inventing the dithyramb. The islanders of Lesbos claimed him as their native son, but Arion found a patron in Periander, tyrant of Corinth. Although notable for his musical inventions, Arion is chiefly remembered for the fantastic myth of his kidnapping by pirates and miraculous rescue by dolphins, a folktale motif.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Arion
The word 'boats' (noun) is defined as: a small vessel for travel on water. Additional context from Boat A watercraft of a large range of types and sizes, but generally smaller than a ship, which is.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/boats
Related word 'boated' (noun) provides context: a small vessel for travel on water. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/boated
Related word 'boatlike' (noun) provides context: a small vessel for travel on water. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/boatlike
The word 'gaskins' (noun) is defined as: 1. Loose hose or breeches; galligaskins. [Obs.] Shak. 2. Packing of hemp. Simmonds. 3. A horse&#039;s thighs. [Prov. Eng.] Wright.. Additional context from Gaskins may refer to:Gaskins (surname). More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gaskins
The word 'Californium' (noun) is defined as: Chemical element, symbol Cf and atomic number 98. Additional context from Californium is a synthetic chemical element; it has symbol Cf and atomic number 98. It was first synthesized in 1950 at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory by bombarding curium with alpha particles. It is an actinide element, the sixth transuranium element to be synthesized, and has the second-highest atomic mass of all elements that have been produced in amounts large enough to see with the naked eye. It was named after the university and the U.S. state of California.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Californium
The word 'eos' (noun) is defined as: Aurora, the goddess of morn.. Additional context from In ancient Greek mythology and religion, Eos is the goddess and personification of the dawn, who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the river Oceanus to deliver light and disperse the night. In Greek tradition and poetry, she is characterized as a goddess with a great sexual appetite, who took numerous human lovers for her own satisfaction and bore them several children. Like her Roman counterpart Aurora and Rigvedic Ushas, Eos continues the name of an earlier Indo-European dawn goddess, Hausos. Eos, or her earlier Proto-Indo-European (PIE) ancestor, also shares several elements with the love goddess Aphrodite, perhaps signifying Eos&#039;s influence on her or otherwise a common origin for the two goddesses. In surviving tradition, Aphrodite is the culprit behind Eos&#039; numerous love affairs, having cursed the goddess with insatiable lust for mortal men.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eos
The word 'wallaba' (noun) is defined as: A leguminous tree (Eperua falcata) of Demerara, with pinnate leaves and clusters of red flowers. The reddish brown wood is used for palings and shingles. J. Smith (Dict. Econ. Plants).. Additional context from Taxa named by Cândido Firmino de Mello-Leitão, Spiders of Central America. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/wallaba
The word 'avant-gardism' (noun) is defined as: an intelligentsia that develops new or experimental concepts especially in the arts. Additional context from Anti-art - Anti-art is a loosely used term applied to an array of concepts and attitudes that reject prior definitions of art and question art in general. Somewhat paradoxically, anti-art tends to conduct this questioning and rejection from the vantage point of art., Bauhaus - The Staatliches Bauhaus, commonly known as the Bauhaus, was a German art school operational from 1919 to 1933 that combined crafts and the fine arts., Chinese Apartment Art - Chinese Apartment Art is the avant-garde art that was produced underground during the 1970s - 1990s in China. The literal meaning of apartment in Chinese is &quot;government-owned residential complex&quot; or &quot;public house&quot;., Experimental film - Experimental film or avant-garde cinema is a mode of filmmaking that rigorously re-evaluates cinematic conventions and explores non-narrative forms or alternatives to traditional narratives or methods of working., Experimental literature - Experimental literature is a genre of literature that is generally &quot;difficult to define with any sort of precision.&quot;, Experimental music - Experimental music is a general label for any music or music genre that pushes existing boundaries and genre definitions., Avant-garde art, Postmodernism, Concepts in aesthetics, Modernism, Modern art. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/avant-gardism
Related word 'avantgarde' (noun) provides context: an intelligentsia that develops new or experimental concepts especially in the arts. Sourced from Avant-garde Aesthetically innovative, whilst initially being ideologically unacceptable to the artistic..., Avant-garde music Avant-garde music is music that is considered to be at the forefront of innovation in its field..., Avant-garde metal A subgenre of heavy metal music loosely defined by use of experimentation and innovative..., Avant-Garde (magazine) A magazine notable for graphic and logogram design by Herb Lubalin., ITC Avant Garde A geometric sans serif font family based on the logo font used in the Avant Garde magazine., Avant-Garde Computing Avant-Garde Computing, Inc., was a publicly traded American software and computer hardware..., Zaila Avant-garde An American speller, basketball player, and juggler. She won the 2021 Scripps National Spelling Bee.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/avantgarde
Related word 'avant-gardist' (noun) provides context: an intelligentsia that develops new or experimental concepts especially in the arts. Sourced from Anti-art - Anti-art is a loosely used term applied to an array of concepts and attitudes that reject prior definitions of art and question art in general. Somewhat paradoxically, anti-art tends to conduct this questioning and rejection from the vantage point of art., Bauhaus - The Staatliches Bauhaus, commonly known as the Bauhaus, was a German art school operational from 1919 to 1933 that combined crafts and the fine arts., Chinese Apartment Art - Chinese Apartment Art is the avant-garde art that was produced underground during the 1970s - 1990s in China. The literal meaning of apartment in Chinese is &quot;government-owned residential complex&quot; or &quot;public house&quot;., Experimental film - Experimental film or avant-garde cinema is a mode of filmmaking that rigorously re-evaluates cinematic conventions and explores non-narrative forms or alternatives to traditional narratives or methods of working., Experimental literature - Experimental literature is a genre of literature that is generally &quot;difficult to define with any sort of precision.&quot;, Experimental music - Experimental music is a general label for any music or music genre that pushes existing boundaries and genre definitions., Avant-garde art, Postmodernism, Concepts in aesthetics, Modernism, Modern art. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/avant-gardist
Related word 'garde' (noun) provides context: an intelligentsia that develops new or experimental concepts especially in the arts . Sourced from Garde may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/garde
The word 'Bolte' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Bolte may refer to:Bolte Bridge, large twin Cantilever bridge in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bolte
The word 'gone' (adjective) is defined as: p. p. of Go.. Additional context from Gone (novel series) A bestselling book series written by Michael Grant., Gone (2012 film) A 2012 American thriller film written by Allison Burnett, directed by Heitor Dhalia, and starring..., &quot;Gone&quot; (NSYNC song) A song by American boy band NSYNC. It was released as the second single from their fourth studio.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gone
Related word 'gon' (combining form) provides context: imp. &amp; p. p. of Go. [Obs.] Chaucer.. Sourced from Government of Norway The politics of Norway take place in the framework of a parliamentary, representative democratic..., Gon (unit) A unit of measurement of an angle, defined as one-hundredth of the right angle; in other words..., Gon Freecss The protagonist from Yoshihiro Togashi&#039;s manga series Hunter × Hunter.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gon
Related word 'goen' (unknown) provides context: p. p. of Go. [Obs.]. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/goen
The word 'phlegm' (unknown) is defined as: 1. One of the four humors of which the ancients supposed the blood to be composed. See Humor. Arbuthnot. 2. (Physiol.)  Viscid mucus secreted in abnormal quantity in the respiratory and digestive passages. 3. (Old Chem.)  A watery distilled liquor, in distinction from a spirituous liquor. Crabb. 4. Sluggishness of temperament; dullness; want of interest; indifference; coldness. They judge with fury, but they write with phlegm. Pope.. Additional context from Body fluids, Symptoms and signs: Respiratory system. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/phlegm
The word 'hoax' (verb) is defined as: A deception for mockery or mischief; a deceptive trick or story; a practical joke. Macaulay.

To deceive by a story or a trick, for sport or mischief; to impose upon sportively. Lamb.. Additional context from Hoaxes, Fraud, Deception. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/hoax
The word 'inhibitor' (noun) is defined as: That which causes inhibitory action; esp., an inhibitory nerve.. Additional context from Enzyme inhibitor A molecule that binds to an enzyme and blocks its activity., Corrosion inhibitor A chemical compound added to a liquid or gas to decrease the corrosion rate of a metal that comes..., Inhibitory postsynaptic potential A kind of synaptic potential that makes a postsynaptic neuron less likely to generate an action.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/inhibitor
The word 'corantos' (noun) is defined as: courante. Additional context from Newspaper terminology. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/corantos
Related word 'corantoes' (noun) provides context: courante. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/corantoes
Related word 'corrente' (noun) provides context: courante. Sourced from Corrente The courante, corrente, coranto and corant are some of the names given to a family of triple..., Correntes, Pernambuco A town located in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil., Corrente, Piauí A municipality in the state of Piauí in the Northeast region of Brazil.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/corrente
The word 'aspect' (noun) is defined as: 1. The act of looking; vision; gaze; glance. [R.] &quot;The basilisk killeth by aspect.&quot; Bacon. His aspect was bent on the ground. Sir W. Scott. 2. Look, or particular appearance of the face; countenance; mien; air. &quot;Serious in aspect.&quot; Dryden. [Craggs] with aspect open shall erect his head. Pope. 3. Appearance to the eye or the mind; look; view. &quot;The aspect of affairs.&quot; Macaulay. The true aspect of a world lying in its rubbish. T. Burnet. 4. Position or situation with regard to seeing; that position which enables one to look in a particular direction; position in relation to the points of the compass; as, a house has a southern aspect, that is, a position which faces the south. 5. Prospect; outlook. [Obs.] This town affords a good aspect toward the hill from whence we descended. Evelyn. 6. (Astrol.)  The situation of planets or stars with respect to one another, or the angle formed by the rays of light proceeding from them and meeting at the eye; the joint look of planets or stars upon each other or upon the earth. Milton. Note: The aspects which two planets can assume are five; sextile, 7. (Astrol.)  The influence of the stars for good or evil; as, an ill aspect. Shak. The astrologers call the evil influences of the stars evil aspects. Bacon. Aspect of a plane (Geom.), the direction of the plane.

To behold; to look at. [Obs.]. Additional context from Aspect or Aspects may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aspect
The word 'glissade' (verb) is defined as: A sliding, as down a snow slope in the Alps. Tyndall.. Additional context from Glissando A glide from one pitch to another., glissade (climbing) A climbing technique mostly used in mountaineering and alpine climbing where a climber starts a..., glissade (dance move) A move in some dances such as the galop., glissade (music) The French name for a portamento in music.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/glissade
The word 'Bochum' (N/A) is defined as: City in Germany. Additional context from Bochum is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia. With a population of 372,348, it is the sixth largest city in one of the most populous German federal states of North Rhine-Westphalia, and the 16th largest city of Germany. On the Ruhr Heights (Ruhrhöhen) hill chain, between the rivers Ruhr to the south and Emscher to the north, it is the second largest city of Westphalia after Dortmund, and the fourth largest city of the Ruhr after Dortmund, Essen and Duisburg. It lies at the centre of the Ruhr, Germany&#039;s largest urban area, in the Rhine-Ruhr Metropolitan Region, the second biggest metropolitan region by GDP in the European Union, and belongs to the region of Arnsberg. Bochum is the sixth largest and one of the southernmost cities in the Low German dialect area. There are nine institutions of higher education in the city, most notably the Ruhr University Bochum, one of the ten largest universities in Germany, and the Bochum University of Applied Sciences.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bochum
The word 'BIU' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from BIU, Biu or biu may refer to:Biu, Nigeria, a town in Nigeria. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/BIU
The word 'western' (adjective) is defined as: 1. Of or pertaining to the west; situated in the west, or in the region nearly in the direction of west; being in that quarter where the sun sets; as, the western shore of France; the western ocean. Far o&#039;er the glowing western main. Keble. 2. Moving toward the west; as, a ship makes a western course; coming from the west; as, a western breeze. Western Church. See Latin Church, under Latin. -- Western empire (Hist.), the western portion of the Roman empire, as divided, by the will of Theodosius the Great, between his sons Honorius and Arcadius, a. d. 395.. Additional context from Western world The Western world, also known as the West, primarily refers to various nations and states in the..., Western blot A widely used analytical technique in molecular biology and immunogenetics to detect specific..., Western (genre) A genre of fiction typically set in the American frontier between the California Gold Rush of.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/western
The word 'lavolta' (noun) is defined as: An old dance, for two persons, being a kind of waltz, in which the woman made a high spring or bound. Shak.. Additional context from European dances, Partner dance, Renaissance dance. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/lavolta
Related word 'lavolt' (unknown) provides context: An old dance, for two persons, being a kind of waltz, in which the woman made a high spring or bound. Shak.. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/lavolt
The word 'Marybeth' (unknown) is defined as: Marybeth may refer to:

Marybeth Byrd, American contestant on American Idol season 21
Marybeth Daucher, American biologist
Marybeth Davis (born c. 1952), American nurse convicted of the murders of her two children in 1997
Marybeth Fama (born 1965), American young adult author, best known for her book Monstrous Beauty
Marybeth Gasman, American Samuel DeWitt Proctor Endowed Chair in Education &amp;amp; a Distinguished Professor at Rutgers University
Marybeth Linzmeier (born 1963), American former competition swimmer who represented the United States
Marybeth Peil (born 1940), American actress and soprano
Marybeth Peters (born 1939), American attorney, 11th United States Register of Copyrights
Marybeth Redmond, American politician in the Vermont House of Representatives
Marybeth Sant-Price (born 1995), American track and field sprinter
Marybeth Tinker, American free speech activist
Marybeth Tinning (born 1942), American serial killer
Marybeth Yuen Maul (1925–2010), American woman who was the first Asian-American female magistrate in Hawaii. Additional context from Marybeth may refer to:Marybeth Byrd, American contestant on American Idol season 21. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Marybeth
The word 'gentile' (noun) is defined as: One of a non-Jewish nation; one neither a Jew nor a Christian; a worshiper of false gods; a heathen. Note: The Hebrews included in the term goyim, or nations, all the tribes of men who had not received the true faith, and were not circumcised. The Christians translated goyim by the L. gentes, and imitated the Jews in giving the name gentiles to all nations who were neither Jews nor Christians. In civil affairs, the denomination was given to all nations who were not Romans. Syn. -- Pagan; heathen. See Pagan.

1. Belonging to the nations at large, as distinguished from the Jews; ethnic; of pagan or heathen people. 2. (Gram.)  Denoting a race or country; as, a gentile noun or adjective.. Additional context from &quot;Gentile &quot; A word that usually means &quot;someone who is not a Jew&quot;., Riforma Gentile A reform of the Italian educational system through a series of normative acts, by the.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gentile
The word 'traverse' (verb) is defined as: Lying across; being in a direction across something else; as, paths cut with traverse trenches. Oak . . . being strong in all positions, may be better trusted in cross and traverse work. Sir H. Wotton. The ridges of the fallow field traverse. Hayward. Traverse drill (Mach.), a machine tool for drilling slots, in which the work or tool has a lateral motion back and forth; also, a drilling machine in which the spindle holder can be adjusted laterally.

Athwart; across; crosswise.

1. Anything that traverses, or crosses. Specifically: -- (a) Something that thwarts, crosses, or obstructs; a cross accident; as, he would have succeeded, had it not been for unlucky traverses not under his control. (b) A barrier, sliding door, movable screen, curtain, or the like. Men drinken and the travers draw anon. Chaucer. And the entrance of the king, The first traverse was drawn. F. Beaumont. (c) (Arch.)  A gallery or loft of communication from side to side of a church or other large building. Gwilt. (d) (Fort.) A work thrown up to intercept an enfilade, or reverse fire, along exposed passage, or line of work. (e) (Law) A formal denial of some matter of fact alleged by the opposite party in any stage of the pleadings. The technical words introducing a traverse are absque hoc, without this; that is, without this which follows. (f) (Naut.) The zigzag course or courses made by a ship in passing from one place to another; a compound course. (g) (Geom.) A line lying across a figure or other lines; a transversal. (h) (Surv.) A line surveyed across a plot of ground. (i) (Gun.) The turning of a gun so as to make it point in any desired direction. 2. A turning; a trick; a subterfuge. [Obs.] To work, or solve, a traverse (Naut.), to reduce a series of courses or distances to an equivalent single one; to calculate the resultant of a traverse. -- Traverse board (Naut.), a small board hung in the steerage, having the points of the compass marked on it, and for each point as many holes as there are half hours in a watch. It is used for recording the courses made by the ship in each half hour, by putting a peg in the corresponding hole. -- Traverse jury (Law), a jury that tries cases; a petit jury. -- Traverse sailing (Naut.), a sailing by compound courses; the method or process of finding the resulting course and distance from a series of different shorter courses and distances actually passed over by a ship. -- Traverse table. (a) (Naut. &amp; Surv.) A table by means of which the difference of latitude and departure corresponding to any given course and distance may be found by inspection. It contains the lengths of the two sides of a right-angled triangle, usually for every quarter of a degree of angle, and for lengths of the hypothenuse, from 1 to 100. (b) (Railroad) A platform with one or more tracks, and arranged to move laterally on wheels, for shifting cars, etc., from one line of track to another.

1. To lay in a cross direction; to cross. The parts should be often traverse. Additional context from Traverse City, Michigan A city in the U.S. state of Michigan., Chevrolet Traverse A full-size crossover SUV with three-row seating built by General Motors., Traverse (surveying) A method in the field of surveying to establish control networks. It is also used in geodesy.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/traverse
The word 'gasteropod' (N/A) is defined as: Same as Gastropod.. Additional context from Mollusc classes, Extant Cambrian first appearances, Gastropods, Taxa named by Georges Cuvier. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/gasteropod
The word 'echolalia' (noun) is defined as: the often pathological repetition of what is said by other people as if echoing them. Additional context from Echolalia is the unsolicited repetition of vocalizations made by another person. In its profound form it is automatic and effortless. It is one of the echophenomena, closely related to echopraxia, the automatic repetition of movements made by another person; both are &quot;subsets of imitative behavior&quot; whereby sounds or actions are imitated &quot;without explicit awareness&quot;. Echolalia may be an immediate reaction to a stimulus or may be delayed.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/echolalia
Related word 'echolalic' (noun) provides context: the often pathological repetition of what is said by other people as if echoing them. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/echolalic
The word 'leaning' (noun) is defined as: The act, or state, of inclining; inclination; tendency; as, a leaning towards Calvinism.. Additional context from Lean (drug) A polysubstance drink used as a recreational drug., Lean manufacturing A production method aimed primarily at reducing times within the production system as well as..., Yung Lean A Swedish rapper, singer and songwriter.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/leaning
The word 'ATS' (preposition) is defined as: a monetary subunit of the kip   see kip at Money Table. Additional context from ATS or Ats may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ATS
Related word 'at-' (preposition) provides context: a monetary subunit of the kip   see kip at Money Table. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/at-
Related word 'at.' (preposition) provides context: a monetary subunit of the kip   see kip at Money Table. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/at.
Related word 'ATT' (noun) provides context: a monetary subunit of the kip   see kip at Money Table. Sourced from ATT may refer to:AT&amp;T (disambiguation). Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ATT
Related word 'att.' (noun) provides context: a monetary subunit of the kip   see kip at Money Table. Sourced from Attorney general The main legal advisor to the government., Attorney at law The preferred term for a practising lawyer in certain jurisdictions, including South Africa, Sri..., The Attorney A 2013 South Korean courtroom drama film co-written and directed by Yang Woo-suk., Lawyer A person who practices law.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/att.
The word 'decrees' (noun) is defined as: an order usually having the force of law. Additional context from Consent decree - A consent decree is an agreement or settlement that resolves a dispute between two parties without admission of guilt or liability. Most often it is such a type of settlement in the United States., Edict - An edict is a decree or announcement of a law, often associated with monarchism, but it can be under any official authority. Synonyms include &quot;dictum&quot; and &quot;pronouncement&quot;. Edict derives from the Latin edictum., Fatwa - A fatwa is a legal ruling on a point of Islamic law given by a qualified Islamic jurist in response to a question posed by a private individual, judge or government. A jurist issuing fatwas is called a mufti, and the act of issuing fatwas is called ifta&#039;., Firman - A firman, at the constitutional level, was a royal mandate or decree issued by a sovereign in an Islamic state. During various periods such firmans were collected and applied as traditional bodies of law. The English word firman comes from the Persian farmān meaning &quot;decree&quot; or &quot;order&quot;., Official Communications of the Chinese Empire, Memorial to the throne - A memorial to the throne was an official communication to the Emperor of China. They were generally careful essays in Classical Chinese and their presentation was a formal affair directed by government officials., Sources of law, Decrees. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/decrees
Related word 'decreed' (noun) provides context: an order usually having the force of law. Sourced from Consent decree - A consent decree is an agreement or settlement that resolves a dispute between two parties without admission of guilt or liability. Most often it is such a type of settlement in the United States., Edict - An edict is a decree or announcement of a law, often associated with monarchism, but it can be under any official authority. Synonyms include &quot;dictum&quot; and &quot;pronouncement&quot;. Edict derives from the Latin edictum., Fatwa - A fatwa is a legal ruling on a point of Islamic law given by a qualified Islamic jurist in response to a question posed by a private individual, judge or government. A jurist issuing fatwas is called a mufti, and the act of issuing fatwas is called ifta&#039;., Firman - A firman, at the constitutional level, was a royal mandate or decree issued by a sovereign in an Islamic state. During various periods such firmans were collected and applied as traditional bodies of law. The English word firman comes from the Persian farmān meaning &quot;decree&quot; or &quot;order&quot;., Official Communications of the Chinese Empire, Memorial to the throne - A memorial to the throne was an official communication to the Emperor of China. They were generally careful essays in Classical Chinese and their presentation was a formal affair directed by government officials., Sources of law, Decrees. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/decreed
Related word 'decreeing' (noun) provides context: an order usually having the force of law. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/decreeing
Related word 'decreers' (noun) provides context: an order usually having the force of law. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/decreers
The word 'eggy' (noun) is defined as: the hard-shelled reproductive body produced by a bird and especially by the common domestic chicken. Additional context from Eggy or Eggie may refer to:nickname of Nathan Eglington, Australian field hockey player. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eggy
Related word 'egged' (noun) provides context: the hard-shelled reproductive body produced by a bird and especially by the common domestic chicken. Sourced from Egged may refer to:Egged (company) or Egged Israel Transport Cooperative Society Ltd. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/egged
Related word 'egging' (noun) provides context: the hard-shelled reproductive body produced by a bird and especially by the common domestic chicken. Sourced from Egging is the act of throwing eggs at people or property. The eggs are usually raw, but can be hard-boiled or rotten.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/egging
Related word 'eggless' (noun) provides context: the hard-shelled reproductive body produced by a bird and especially by the common domestic chicken. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eggless
Related word 'eggs' (noun) provides context: the hard-shelled reproductive body produced by a bird and especially by the common domestic chicken. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eggs
The word 'eyebeam' (noun (1)) is defined as: A glance of the eye. Shak.. Additional context from Eyebeam may refer to:Eye beam, an emission theory of sight. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/eyebeam
The word 'octet' (unknown) is defined as: A composition for eight parts, usually for eight solo instruments or voices.. Additional context from Octal The base-8 number system, and uses the digits 0 to 7., Octet (computing) A unit of digital information in computing and telecommunications that consists of eight bits., Octet rule A chemical rule of thumb that reflects the theory that main-group elements tend to bond in such a.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/octet
The word 'calamander wood' (noun) is defined as: A valuable furniture wood from India and Ceylon, of a hazel- brown color, with black stripes, very hard in texture. It is a species of ebony, and is obtained from the Diospyros qusesita. Called also Coromandel wood.. Additional context from Wood. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/calamander wood
The word 'armbands' (noun) is defined as: a band worn around the arm. Additional context from Arm ring - An arm ring, also known as an armlet or an armband, is a band of metal, usually a precious metal, worn as jewelry or an ornament around the biceps of the upper arm. The arm ring is similar to a bracelet or bangle, though it must be shaped and sized to fit snugly to the upper arm., Bracelet - A bracelet is an article of jewellery that is worn around the wrist. Bracelets may serve different uses, such as being worn as an ornament. When worn as ornaments, bracelets may have a supportive function to hold other items of decoration, such as charms., Brassard, or armlet , a piece of military uniform., Inflatable armbands , flotation devices., Pra Jiad - Pra Jiad is a type of armband worn by Muay Thai athletes. In the past, their use was to give confidence and luck to the athletes, and was usually made by the fighter&#039;s close family member. Some fighters wear one Pra Jiad, some wear two., Sleeve garter - A sleeve garter is a garter worn on the sleeve of a shirt. It came into wide use, especially in the US, in the latter half of the 19th century when men&#039;s ready-made shirts came in a single sleeve length., Armbands, Insignia, Armwear, Fashion accessories. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/armbands
The word 'megalethoscope' (unknown) is defined as: An optical apparatus in which pictures are viewed through a large lens with stereoptical effects. It is often combined with the stereoscope.. Additional context from 19th-century photography, Photography in Italy, Precursors of film, 3D imaging, Photography equipment, Optical devices. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/megalethoscope
The word 'Ardath' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Ardath may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Ardath
Related word 'A4' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A4 commonly refers to:A4 paper, a paper size defined by the ISO 216 standard, measuring 210 × 297 mm. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A4
Related word 'A5' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from A5 and variants may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A5
Related word 'AAAA' (unknown) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAA may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAA
Related word 'AAAL' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAL may refer to:American Association for Applied Linguistics. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAL
Related word 'AAAS' (abbreviation) provides context: Topics referred to by the same term. Sourced from AAAS may refer to:American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a learned society and center for policy research; the publisher of the journal Dædalus. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAS
The word 'C.B.' (abbreviation) is defined as: citizens band. Additional context from Cambodia A country in Mainland Southeast Asia, spanning an area of 181,035 square kilometres, bordered by..., Chicago Bears A professional American football team based in Chicago., Chris Brown An American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actor.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/C.B.
Related word 'CB' (abbreviation) provides context: citizens band. Sourced from CB and variants may refer to:. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/CB
The word 'backing' (noun) is defined as: 1. The act of moving backward, or of putting or moving anything backward. 2. That which is behind, and forms the back of, anything, usually giving strength or stability. 3. Support or aid given to a person or cause. 4. (Bookbinding)  The preparation of the back of a book with glue, etc., before putting on the cover.. Additional context from Human back The large posterior area of the human body, rising from the top of the buttocks to the back of.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/backing
The word 'pelta' (unknown) is defined as: 1. (Antiq.)  A small shield, especially one of an approximately elliptic form, or crescent-shaped. 2. (Bot.)  A flat apothecium having no rim.. Additional context from Ancient Macedonian military - The army of the Kingdom of Macedon was among the greatest military forces of the ancient world., Toxotai - Toxotai were Ancient Greek and Byzantine archers. During the ancient period they were armed with a short Greek bow and a short sword. They carried a little pelte shield. Hippotoxotai were mounted archers and rode ahead of the cavalry., Velites - Velites were a class of infantry in the Roman army of the mid-Republic from 211 to 107 BC. Velites were light infantry and skirmishers armed with javelins, each with a 75cm wooden shaft the diameter of a finger, with a 25cm narrow metal point, to fling at the enemy., Takabara - Takabara was a unit in the Persian Achaemenid army. They appear in some references related to the Greco-Persian wars, but little is known about them. According to Greek sources they were a tough type of peltasts., Military units and formations of the Hellenistic world, Ancient Greek infantry types, Military units and formations of ancient Greece, Infantry units and formations of Macedon, Infantry, Combat occupations. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pelta
The word 'camper' (noun) is defined as: One who lodges temporarily in a hut or camp.. Additional context from Camper or campers may refer to:a person who engages in recreational camping. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/camper
The word 'nicotinic' (unknown) is defined as: Pertaining to, or derived from, nicotine; nicotic; -- used specifically to designate an acid related to pyridine, obtained by the oxidation of nicotine, and called nicotinic acid.. Additional context from Muscarinic agonist - A muscarinic agonist is an agent that activates the activity of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. The muscarinic receptor has different subtypes, labelled M1-M5, allowing for further differentiation., Muscarinic antagonist - A muscarinic receptor antagonist, also called an antimuscarinic, is a type of anticholinergic agent that blocks the activity of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor., TDBzcholine - TDBzcholine is a diazirine analog of acetylcholine that can be used to label the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor., Myasthenia gravis - Myasthenia gravis is a long-term neuromuscular junction disease that leads to varying degrees of skeletal muscle weakness. The most commonly affected muscles are those of the eyes, face, and swallowing. It can result in double vision, drooping eyelids, and difficulties in talking and walking., Congenital myasthenic syndrome - Congenital myasthenic syndrome is an inherited neuromuscular disorder caused by defects of several types at the neuromuscular junction. The effects of the disease are similar to Lambert-Eaton Syndrome and myasthenia gravis, the difference being that CMS is not an autoimmune disorder., Adrenergic See related meanings for the word &#039;Adrenergic&#039;., Autoantigens, Cell signaling, Ion channels. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/nicotinic
The word 'pronunciator' (unknown) is defined as: One who pronounces; a pronouncer.. Additional context from Language education - Language education – the process and practice of teaching a second or foreign language – is primarily a branch of applied linguistics, but can be an interdisciplinary field., Language pedagogy - Language pedagogy is the discipline concerned with the theories and techniques of teaching language. It has been described as a type of teaching wherein the teacher draws from their own prior knowledge and actual experience in teaching language., Language education materials, Language learning software, Second-language acquisition, Multilingual websites. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/pronunciator
The word 'magnetically' (adjective) is defined as: By or as by, magnetism.. Additional context from Magnetism Category, Coercivity - Coercivity, also called the magnetic coercivity, coercive field or coercive force, is a measure of the ability of a ferromagnetic material to withstand an external magnetic field without becoming demagnetized., Gravitomagnetism - Gravitoelectromagnetism, abbreviated GEM, refers to a set of formal analogies between the equations for electromagnetism and relativistic gravitation; specifically: between Maxwell&#039;s field equations and an approximation, valid under certain conditions, to the Einstein field equations for general..., Magnetic hysteresis - Magnetic hysteresis occurs when an external magnetic field is applied to a ferromagnet such as iron and the atomic dipoles align themselves with it. Even when the field is removed, part of the alignment will be retained: the material has become magnetized., Magnetar - A magnetar is a type of neutron star with an extremely powerful magnetic field. The magnetic-field decay powers the emission of high-energy electromagnetic radiation, particularly X-rays and gamma rays. The existence of magnetars was proposed in 1992 by Robert Duncan and Christopher Thompson., Magnetic bearing - A magnetic bearing is a type of bearing that supports a load using magnetic levitation. Magnetic bearings support moving parts without physical contact. For instance, they are able to levitate a rotating shaft and permit relative motion with very low friction and no mechanical wear., Magnetic circuit - A magnetic circuit is made up of one or more closed loop paths containing a magnetic flux.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/magnetically
The word 'avernal' (adjective) is defined as: Of or pertaining to Avernus, a lake of Campania, in Italy, famous for its poisonous vapors, which ancient writers fancied were so malignant as to kill birds flying over it. It was represented by the poets to be connected with the infernal regions.. Additional context from Ploutonion , &#039;grotto of Plouton &#039;, a Greek term for a mephitic sanctuary.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/avernal
Related word 'avernian' (adjective) provides context: Of or pertaining to Avernus, a lake of Campania, in Italy, famous for its poisonous vapors, which ancient writers fancied were so malignant as to kill birds flying over it. It was represented by the poets to be connected with the infernal regions.. Sourced from Ploutonion , &#039;grotto of Plouton &#039;, a Greek term for a mephitic sanctuary.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/avernian
The word 'experience' (noun) is defined as: 1. Trial, as a test or experiment. [Obs.] She caused him to make experience Upon wild beasts. Spenser. 2. The effect upon the judgment or feelings produced by any event, whether witnessed or participated in; personal and direct impressions as contrasted with description or fancies; personal acquaintance; actual enjoyment or suffering. &quot;Guided by other&#039;s experiences.&quot; Shak. I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience. P. Henry To most men experience is like the stern lights of a ship, which illumine only the track it has passed. Coleridge. When the consuls . . . came in . . . they knew soon by experience how slenderly guarded against danger the majesty of rulers is where force is wanting. Holland. Those that undertook the religion of our Savior upon his preaching, had no experience of it. Sharp. 3. An act of knowledge, one or more, by which single facts or general truths are ascertained; experimental or inductive knowledge; hence, implying skill, facility, or practical wisdom gained by personal knowledge, feeling or action; as, a king without experience of war. Whence hath the mind all the materials of reason and knowledge To this I answer in one word, from experience. Locke. Experience may be acquired in two ways; either, first by noticing facts without any attempt to influence the frequency of their occurrence or to vary the circumstances under which they occur; this is observation; or, secondly, by putting in action causes or agents over which we have control, and purposely varying their combinations, and noticing what effects take place; this is experiment. Sir J. Herschel.

1. To make practical acquaintance with; to try personally; to prove by use or trial; to have trial of; to have the lot or fortune of; to have befall one; to be affected by; to feel; as, to experience pain or pleasure; to experience poverty; to experience a change of views. The partial failure and disappointment which he had experienced in India. Thirwall. 2. To exercise; to train by practice. The youthful sailors thus with early care Their arms experience, and for sea prepare. Harte. To experience religion (Theol.), to become a convert to the diatribes of Christianity; to yield to the power of religions truth.. Additional context from Experience refers to conscious events in general, more specifically to perceptions, or to the practical knowledge and familiarity that is produced by these processes. Understood as a conscious event in the widest sense, experience involves a subject to which various items are presented. In this sense, seeing a yellow bird on a branch presents the subject with the objects &quot;bird&quot; and &quot;branch&quot;, the relation between them and the property &quot;yellow&quot;. Unreal items may be included as well, which happens when experiencing hallucinations or dreams. When understood in a more restricted sense, only sensory consciousness counts as experience. In this sense, experience is usually identified with perception and contrasted with other types of conscious events, like thinking or imagining. In a slightly different sense, experience refers not to the conscious events themselves but to the practical knowledge and familiarity they produce. Hence, it is important that direct perceptual contact with the external world is the source of knowledge. So an experienced hiker is someone who has actually lived through many hikes, not someone who merely read many books about hiking. This is associated both with recurrent past acquaintance and the abilities learned through them.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/experience
The word 'hatching' (noun) is defined as: A mode of execution in engraving, drawing, and miniature painting, in which shading is produced by lines crossing each other at angles more or less acute; -- called also crosshatching.. Additional context from Hatching An artistic technique used to create tonal or shading effects by drawing closely spaced..., Hatching (heraldry) A conventional system for monochrome denotation of heraldic armory, whereby the tinctures are..., Crossed letter A manuscript letter which contains two separate sets of writing, one written over the other at.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/hatching
The word 'Arnaldo' (unknown) is defined as: Name list. Additional context from Arnaldo is a given name. Notable people with the name include:Arnaldo Abrantes, Portuguese track and field sprinter. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Arnaldo
Related word 'Aaberg' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aaberg or Åberg is a surname of Swedish origin. People with this surname include:Arvid Åberg (1885–1950), Swedish athlete. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaberg
Related word 'Aalto' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aalto is a Finnish Laine type surname meaning &quot;wave&quot;. Notable people with the surname include:Aino Aalto (1894–1949), Finnish architect and designer. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aalto
Related word 'Aandahl' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aandahl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:Søren Jørgensen Aandahl (1802–1886), Norwegian politician. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aandahl
Related word 'Aaronson' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Aaronson is a Jewish patronymic surname, meaning &quot;son of Aaron&quot;. It is unknown as a given name. Aaronson or its variants may refer to:Brenden Aaronson, American soccer player. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaronson
Related word 'Abakumov' (unknown) provides context: Surname list. Sourced from Abakumov or Abakumova is a Russian surname. Variants of this surname include Abakishin/Abakishina (Абаки́шин/Абаки́шина), Abakulov/Abakulova (Абаку́лов/Абаку́лова), Abakumkin/Abakumkina (Абаку́мкин/Абаку́мкина), Abakushin/Abakushina (Абаку́шин/Абаку́шина), Abakshin/Abakshina (Аба́кшин/Аба́кшина), Abbakumov/Abbakumova (Аббаку́мов/Аббаку́мова), Avakumov/Avakumova (Аваку́мов/Аваку́мова), Avvakumov/Avvakumova (Авваку́мов/Авваку́мова), and possibly Bakulin/Bakulina (Баку́лин/Баку́лина) and Bakunin/Bakunina (Баку́нин/Баку́нина).. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abakumov
The word 'wakeful' (adjective) is defined as: Not sleeping; indisposed to sleep; watchful; vigilant. Dissembling sleep, but wakeful with the fright. Dryden. -- Wake&quot;ful*ly, adv. -- Wake&quot;ful*ness, n.. Additional context from Wakefulness A daily recurring brain state and state of consciousness in which an individual is conscious and..., HMS Wakeful (R59) A W-class destroyer of the Royal Navy launched in 1943., Wakeful (horse) Wakeful was one of the great Thoroughbred mares of the Australian turf.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/wakeful
The word 'bias' (noun) is defined as: 1. A weight on the side of the ball used in the game of bowls, or a tendency imparted to the ball, which turns it from a straight line. Being ignorant that there is a concealed bias within the spheroid, which will . . . swerve away. Sir W. Scott. 2. A learning of the mind; propensity or prepossession toward an object or view, not leaving the mind indifferent; bent inclination. Strong love is a bias upon the thoughts. South. Morality influences men&#039;s lives, and gives a bias to all their actions. Locke. 3. A wedge-shaped piece of cloth taken out of a garment (as the waist of a dress) to diminish its circumference. 4. A slant; a diagonal; as, to cut cloth on the bias. Syn. -- Prepossession; prejudice; partiality; inclination. See Bent.

1. Inclined to one side; swelled on one side. [Obs.] Shak. 2. Cut slanting or diagonally, as cloth.

In a slanting manner; crosswise; obliquely; diagonally; as, to cut cloth bias.

To incline to one side; to give a particular direction to; to influence; to prejudice; to prepossess. Me it had not biased in the one direction, nor should it have biased any just critic in the counter direction. De. Quincey.. Additional context from Bias is a disproportionate weight in favor of or against an idea or thing, usually in a way that is inaccurate, closed-minded, prejudicial, or unfair. Biases can be innate or learned. People may develop biases for or against an individual, a group, or a belief. In science and engineering, a bias is a systematic error. Statistical bias results from an unfair sampling of a population, or from an estimation process that does not give accurate results on average.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bias
The word 'Birkenhead' (N/A) is defined as: Town in Wirral, Merseyside, England. Additional context from Birkenhead is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, England; historically, it was part of Cheshire until 1974. The town is on the Wirral Peninsula, along the west bank of the River Mersey, opposite Liverpool. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 88,818.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Birkenhead
The word 'conch' (noun) is defined as: 1. (Zoöl.)  A name applied to various marine univalve shells; esp. to those of the genus Strombus, which are of large size. S. gigas is the large pink West Indian conch. The large king, queen, and cameo conchs are of the genus Cassis. See Cameo. Note: The conch is sometimes used as a horn or trumpet, as in fogs at sea, or to call laborers from work. 2. In works of art, the shell used by Tritons as a trumpet. 3. One of the white natives of the Bahama Islands or one of their descendants in the Florida Keys; -- so called from the commonness of the conch there, or because they use it for food. 4. (Arch.)  See Concha, n. 5. The external ear. See Concha, n., 2.. Additional context from Conch is a common name of a number of different medium-to-large-sized sea snails. Conch shells typically have a high spire and a noticeable siphonal canal.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/conch
The word 'moses' (unknown) is defined as: A large flatboat, used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.. Additional context from Moses Moses is considered the most important prophet in Judaism and one of the most important..., Moses (Michelangelo) A sculpture by the Italian High Renaissance artist Michelangelo, housed in the church of San..., Operation Moses The covert evacuation of Ethiopian Jews from Sudan during a civil war that caused a famine in 1984.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/moses
The word 'fascicle' (noun) is defined as: A small bundle or collection; a compact cluster; as, a fascicle of fibers; a fascicle of flowers or roots.. Additional context from Fascicle or fasciculus may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fascicle
The word 'tetryl' (noun) is defined as: Butyl; -- so called from the four carbon atoms in the molecule.. Additional context from Hexanitrobenzene - Hexanitrobenzene, also known as HNB, is a nitrobenzene compound in which six nitro groups are bonded to all six positions of a central benzene ring., Trinitrotoluene - Trinitrotoluene, more commonly known as TNT, more specifically 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene, and by its preferred IUPAC name 2-methyl-1,3,5-trinitrobenzene, is a chemical compound with the formula C₆H₂₃CH₃., RE factor - The relative effectiveness factor, or R.E. factor, relates an explosive&#039;s demolition power to that of TNT, in units of the TNT equivalent/kg. The R.E. factor is the relative mass of TNT to which an explosive is equivalent; the greater the R.E., the more powerful the explosive., Nitroamines, Explosive chemicals. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/tetryl
The word 'capite' (adjective) is defined as: See under Tenant.. Additional context from English laws. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/capite
The word 'fatwood' (noun) is defined as: lightwood. Additional context from Fatwood, also known as &quot;fat lighter&quot;, &quot;lighter wood&quot;, &quot;rich lighter&quot;, &quot;pine knot&quot;, &quot;lighter knot&quot;, &quot;heart pine&quot;, &quot;fat stick&quot; or &quot;lighter&#039;d&quot; [sic], is derived from the heartwood of pine trees. The stump that is left in the ground after a tree has fallen or has been cut is the primary source of fatwood, as the resin-impregnated heartwood becomes hard and rot-resistant after the tree has died. Wood from other locations can also be used, such as the joints where limbs intersect the trunk. Although most resinous pines can produce fatwood, in the southeastern United States the wood is commonly associated with longleaf pine, which historically was highly valued for its high pitch production.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fatwood
The word 'laconic' (adjective) is defined as: 1. Expressing much in few words, after the manner of the Laconians or Spartans; brief and pithy; brusque; epigrammatic. In this sense laconic is the usual form. I grow laconic even beyond laconicism; for sometimes I return only yes, or no, to questionary or petitionary epistles of half a yard long. Pope. His sense was strong and his style laconic. Welwood. 2. Laconian; characteristic of, or like, the Spartans; hence, stern or severe; cruel; unflinching. His head had now felt the razor, his back the rod; all that laconical discipline pleased him well. Bp. Hall. Syn. -- Short; brief; concise; succinct; sententious; pointed; pithy. -- Laconic, Concise. Concise means without irrelevant or superfluous matter; it is the opposite of diffuse. Laconic means concise with the additional quality of pithiness, sometimes of brusqueness.

Laconism. [Obs.] Addison.. Additional context from Aphorism - An aphorism is a concise, terse, laconic, or memorable expression of a general truth or principle. Aphorisms are often handed down by tradition from generation to generation., Atticism - Atticism was a rhetorical movement that began in the first quarter of the 1st century BC; it may also refer to the wordings and phrasings typical of this movement, in contrast with various contemporary forms of Koine Greek, which continued to evolve in directions guided by the common usages of..., One-line joke - A one-liner is a joke that is delivered in a single line. A good one-liner is said to be pithy – concise and meaningful., Culture of Sparta, Rhetoric. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/laconic
The word 'sankhya' (unknown) is defined as: A Hindoo system of philosophy which refers all things to soul and a rootless germ called prakriti, consisting of three elements, goodness, passion, and darkness. Whitworth.. Additional context from Samkhya Category, Advaita Vedanta of Adi Shankara , a non-dualist strand within Hinduism., Khyativada - Khyātivāda is the term used to refer to the Indian Theories of Perceptual Error – khyāti besides referring to &#039;fame&#039;, &#039;renown&#039; etc., in Samkhya philosophy refers to the &#039;erroneous conception&#039; or &#039;false apprehension&#039;, and vāda means - &#039;proposition&#039;, &#039;discourse&#039;, &#039;argument&#039;., Ratha Kalpana - Ratha Kalpana is a metaphor used in Hindu scriptures to describe the relationship between the senses, mind, intellect and the Self. The metaphor was first used in the Katha Upanishad and is thought to have inspired similar descriptions in the Bhagavad Gita, the Dhammapada and Plato&#039;s Phaedrus., Subtle body - A subtle body is a &quot;quasi material&quot; aspect of the human body, being neither solely physical nor solely spiritual, according to various esoteric, occult, and mystical teachings. This contrasts with the mind–body dualism that has dominated Western thought., Āstika, Hindu philosophical concepts. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sankhya
The word 'aerodyne' (noun) is defined as: a heavier-than-air aircraft (such as an airplane, helicopter, or glider)   compare aerostat. Additional context from Aerodyne may refer to:Heavier-than-air aircraft, deriving lift from dynamic motion through the air. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aerodyne
Related word 'aerodynes' (noun) provides context: a heavier-than-air aircraft (such as an airplane, helicopter, or glider)   compare aerostat. Sourced from Dornier Aerodyne A wingless VTOL unmanned aircraft.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aerodynes
The word 'seamed' (unknown) is defined as: Out of condition; not in good condition; -- said of a hawk.. Additional context from Embroidery stitch - In everyday language, a stitch in the context of embroidery or hand-sewing is defined as the movement of the embroidery needle from the back of the fibre to the front side and back to the back side. The thread stroke on the front side produced by this is also called stitch., Glossary of sewing terminology - Sewing is the craft of fastening or attaching objects using stitches made with needle and thread. Sewing is one of the oldest of the textile arts, arising in the Paleolithic Era., Glossary of textile manufacturing - The manufacture of textiles is one of the oldest of human technologies. To make textiles, the first requirement is a source of fiber from which a yarn can be made, primarily by spinning. The yarn is processed by knitting or weaving, which turns yarn into cloth., Notions - In sewing and haberdashery, notions are small objects or accessories, including items that are sewn or otherwise attached to a finished article, such as buttons, snaps, and collar stays., Seams, Needlework, Sewing. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/seamed
The word 'argand' (noun) is defined as: a system of rectangular coordinates in which the complex number x + iy is represented by the point whose coordinates are x and y. Additional context from Argand may refer to:Aimé Argand, Swiss physicist and chemist and inventor of the argand lamp. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/argand
The word 'closes' (verb) is defined as: to move so as to bar passage through something. Additional context from Close (Kim Wilde album) The sixth studio album by Kim Wilde, released in mid 1988., Close (system call) A system call in computer software., &quot;Close&quot; (Nick Jonas song) A song recorded by American singer Nick Jonas from his third studio album, Last Year Was.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closes
Related word 'closable' (verb) provides context: to move so as to bar passage through something. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closable
Related word 'closeable' (verb) provides context: to move so as to bar passage through something. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closeable
Related word 'closenesses' (verb) provides context: to move so as to bar passage through something. Sourced from closeness (mathematics) A basic concept in topology and related areas in mathematics., closeness (graph theory) The shortest path between one vertex and another vertex., Social connectedness The measure of how people come together and interact., Closeness (album) An album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1976 and released on the Horizon label., Closeness (film) A 2017 Russian film.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closenesses
Related word 'closest' (verb) provides context: to move so as to bar passage through something. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closest
The word 'axeman' (N/A) is defined as: See Ax, Axman.. Additional context from Axeman or Axemen may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/axeman
Related word 'axe' (noun) provides context: A tool or instrument of steel, or of iron with a steel edge or blade, for felling trees, chopping and splitting wood, hewing timber, etc. It is wielded by a wooden helve or handle, so fixed in a socket or eye as to be in the same plane with the blade. The broadax, or carpenter&#039;s ax, is an ax for hewing timber, made heavier than the chopping ax, and with a broader and thinner blade and a shorter handle. Note: The ancient battle-ax had sometimes a double edge. Note: The word is used adjectively or in combination; as, axhead or ax head; ax helve; ax handle; ax shaft; ax-shaped; axlike. Note: This word was originally spelt with e, axe; and so also was nearly every corresponding word of one syllable: as, flaxe, taxe, waxe, sixe, mixe, pixe, oxe, fluxe, etc. This superfluous e is not dropped; so that, in more than a hundred words ending in x, no one thinks of retaining the e except in axe. Analogy requires its exclusion here. Note: &quot;The spelling ax is better on every ground, of etymology, phonology, and analogy, than axe, which has of late become prevalent.&quot; New English Dict. (Murray).

See Ax, Axman.. Sourced from An axe is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape, split, and cut wood, to harvest timber, as a weapon, and as a ceremonial or heraldic symbol. The axe has many forms and specialised uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle, also called a haft or a helve.. Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/axe
The word 'juxtaposition' (noun) is defined as: A placing or being placed in nearness or contiguity, or side by side; as, a juxtaposition of words. Parts that are united by a a mere juxtaposition. Glanvill. Juxtaposition is a very unsafe criterion of continuity. Hare.. Additional context from Juxtaposition An act or instance of placing two elements close together or side by side., Juxtaposition Magazine A public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located on the grounds that surround..., Juxtaposability The possibility in notations to show two related informations side by side.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/juxtaposition
The word 'calyptras' (noun) is defined as: a hoodlike structure in a plant. Additional context from Calyptra A scientific term used in botany. It describes a feature in plant morphology., Calyptra (moth) A group of moths in subfamily Calpinae of the family Erebidae., Calyptra (fungus) A genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/calyptras
The word 'precociousness' (unknown) is defined as: The quality or state of being precocious; untimely ripeness; premature development, especially of the mental powers; forwardness. Saucy precociousness in learning. Bp. Mannyngham. That precocity which sometimes distinguishes uncommon genius. Wirt.. Additional context from Precocious puberty In medicine, precocious puberty is puberty occurring at an unusually early age., Precociality In biology, altricial species are those in which the young are underdeveloped at the time of..., Precocious (horse) An undefeated British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire., Precocious toddler The fertile octogenarian and the unborn widow are two legal fictions from the law of real.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/precociousness
Related word 'precocity' (unknown) provides context: The quality or state of being precocious; untimely ripeness; premature development, especially of the mental powers; forwardness. Saucy precociousness in learning. Bp. Mannyngham. That precocity which sometimes distinguishes uncommon genius. Wirt.. Sourced from Precocious puberty In medicine, precocious puberty is puberty occurring at an unusually early age., Precociality In biology, altricial species are those in which the young are underdeveloped at the time of..., Precocious (horse) An undefeated British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire., Precocious toddler The fertile octogenarian and the unborn widow are two legal fictions from the law of real.... Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/precocity
The word 'Abeokuta' (N/A) is defined as: Capital city of Ogun State, Nigeria. Additional context from Abeokuta is the capital city of Ogun State in southwest Nigeria. It is situated on the east bank of the Ogun River, near a group of rocky outcrops in a wooded savanna; 77 kilometres (48 mi) north of Lagos by railway, or 130 kilometres (81 mi) by water. As of 2006, Abeokuta and the surrounding area had a population of 449,088.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abeokuta
The word 'Australorp' (noun) is defined as: Australian breed of chicken. Additional context from The Australorp is a chicken breed of Australian origin, developed as a utility breed with a focus on egg laying and is famous for laying more than 300 eggs per year. It achieved world-wide popularity in the 1920s after the breed broke numerous world records for number of eggs laid and has been a popular breed in the western world since. It is one of eight poultry breeds created in Australia and recognised by the Australian Poultry Standards. The most popular colour of the breed is black, which is the only colour recognised in the United States of America, but blue and white are also recognised in Australia and the Poultry Club South Africa recognises buff, splash, wheaten laced and golden in addition.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Australorp
The word 'Carchemish' (N/A) is defined as: Ancient city in Syria. Additional context from Carchemish, also spelled Karkemish, was an important ancient capital in the northern part of the region of Syria. At times during its history the city was independent, but it was also part of the Mitanni, Hittite and Neo-Assyrian Empires. Today it is on the frontier between Turkey and Syria.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Carchemish
The word 'dominus' (noun) is defined as: Master; sir; -- a title of respect formerly applied to a knight or a clergyman, and sometimes to the lord of a manor. Cowell.. Additional context from Dominus or domini may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/dominus
The word 'periodicity' (unknown) is defined as: The quality or state of being periodical, or regularly recurrent; as, the periodicity in the vital phenomena of plants. Henfrey.. Additional context from Periodic table The periodic table, also known as the periodic table of the elements, arranges the chemical..., Periodic trends In chemistry, periodic trends are specific patterns that are present in the periodic table that..., Periodic function A function that repeats its values at regular intervals.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/periodicity
The word 'hox' (transitive verb) is defined as: To hock; to hamstring. See Hock. [Obs.] Shak.. Additional context from Hox gene A group of related genes that control the body plan of an embryo along the head-tail axis., Hoxton railway station A station on the East London Line in the London Borough of Hackney, Greater London., Joop Hox A Dutch psychologist and Professor of Social Science Methodology at the Utrecht University, known.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/hox
The word 'Bandar-log' (noun) is defined as: Fictional term from The Jungle Book. Additional context from Bandar-log is a term used in Rudyard Kipling&#039;s The Jungle Book (1894) to describe the monkeys of the Seeonee jungle.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Bandar-log
The word 'aho' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Aho or AHO may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aho
The word 'sternal' (adjective) is defined as: Of or pertaining to the sternum; in the region of the sternum. Sternal ribs. See the Note under Rib, n., 1.. Additional context from Pectus carinatum - Pectus carinatum, also called pigeon chest, is a malformation of the chest characterized by a protrusion of the sternum and ribs. It is distinct from the related malformation pectus excavatum., Pectus excavatum - Pectus excavatum is a structural deformity of the anterior thoracic wall in which the sternum and rib cage are shaped abnormally. This produces a caved-in or sunken appearance of the chest. It can either be present at birth or develop after puberty., Flat bones, Bones of the thorax. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sternal
The word 'cadette' (noun) is defined as: a member of a program of the Girl Scouts for girls in the sixth through ninth grades in school. Additional context from Cadette may refer to:Ignatius Cadette, a West Indian cricketer. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cadette
Related word 'cadettes' (noun) provides context: a member of a program of the Girl Scouts for girls in the sixth through ninth grades in school. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cadettes
The word 'crasis' (noun) is defined as: 1. (Med.)  A mixture of constituents, as of the blood; constitution; temperament. 2. (Gram.)  A contraction of two vowels (as the final and initial vowels of united words) into one long vowel, or into a dipthong; synæresis; as, cogo for coago.. Additional context from Crasis is a type of contraction in which two vowels or diphthongs merge into one new vowel or diphthong, making one word out of two (univerbation). Crasis occurs in many languages, including Spanish, Portuguese, and French; it was first described in Ancient Greek.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/crasis
The word 'counterblast' (noun) is defined as: a forceful response or retaliation. Additional context from Counterblast is a 1948 British thriller film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Robert Beatty, Mervyn Johns and Nova Pilbeam. It was made by British National Films at Elstree Studios.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/counterblast
The word 'farl' (noun) is defined as: Same as Furl. [Obs.] Beau. &amp; Fl.. Additional context from A farl is any of various quadrant-shaped flatbreads and cakes, traditionally made by cutting a round into four pieces. In Ulster, the term generally refers to soda bread and, less commonly, potato bread, which are also ingredients of an Ulster fry.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/farl
The word 'larceny' (noun) is defined as: The unlawful taking and carrying away of things personal with intent to deprive the right owner of the same; theft. Cf. Embezzlement. Grand larceny and Petit larceny are distinctions having reference to the nature or value of the property stolen. They are abolished in England. -- Mixed, or Compound, larceny, that which, under statute, includes in it the aggravation of a taking from a building or the person. -- Simple larceny, that which is not accompanied with any aggravating circumstances.. Additional context from Larceny A crime involving the unlawful taking or theft of the personal property of another person or..., Larceny (1948 film) A 1948 American film noir crime film directed by George Sherman starring John Payne, Joan..., Larceny, Inc. Larceny, Inc. is a 1942 American film., Larceny (1996 film) An unreleased short film by Christopher Nolan., Larceny (2004 film) A comedy film starring Andy Dick, Joshua Leonard, and Tyra Banks.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/larceny
The word 'blowtorches' (noun) is defined as: a small burner having a device to intensify combustion by means of a blast of air or oxygen, usually including a fuel tank pressurized by a hand pump, and used especially in plumbing. Additional context from blowtorch A fuel-burning tool used for applying flame and heat to various applications, usually metalworking., Blowtorch (G.I. Joe) A fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/blowtorches
The word 'ascender' (noun) is defined as: the part of a lowercase letter (such as b) that rises above the main body of the letter. Additional context from Ascender may refer to:Ascender (climbing), a rope-climbing device. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ascender
Related word 'ascenders' (noun) provides context: the part of a lowercase letter (such as b) that rises above the main body of the letter. Sourced from XP-55 Ascender A 1940s United States prototype fighter aircraft built by Curtiss-Wright., Ascender (typography) The portion of a minuscule letter in a Latin-derived alphabet that extends above the mean line of..., Ascender (climbing) A device used for directly ascending a rope, or for facilitating protection with a fixed rope..., Ascender Corporation A digital typeface foundry and software development company in the Chicago suburb of Elk Grove..., Isuzu Ascender A mid-size SUV built by General Motors for Isuzu., Pterodactyl Ascender A family of U.S. designed and built ultralight aircraft that were sold in kit form between 1979.... Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ascenders
The word 'AVC' (abbreviation) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from AVC may refer to:. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AVC
The word 'cupels' (noun) is defined as: a small shallow porous cup especially of bone ash used in assaying to separate precious metals from lead. Additional context from Cupel, Białobrzegi County A settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County..., Cupel, Legionowo County A village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock, within Legionowo County, Masovian..., Cupel, Ostrołęka County A village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnia, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cupels
Related word 'cupeled' (noun) provides context: a small shallow porous cup especially of bone ash used in assaying to separate precious metals from lead. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cupeled
Related word 'cupelers' (noun) provides context: a small shallow porous cup especially of bone ash used in assaying to separate precious metals from lead. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cupelers
Related word 'cupeling' (noun) provides context: a small shallow porous cup especially of bone ash used in assaying to separate precious metals from lead. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cupeling
Related word 'cupelled' (noun) provides context: a small shallow porous cup especially of bone ash used in assaying to separate precious metals from lead. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cupelled
Related word 'cupeller' (noun) provides context: a small shallow porous cup especially of bone ash used in assaying to separate precious metals from lead. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cupeller
The word 'Balmont' (unknown) is defined as: Topics referred to by the same term. Additional context from Balmont may refer to:Balmont, former French commune since absorbed into Seynod. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Balmont
The word 'byland' (unknown) is defined as: A peninsula. [Obs.]. Additional context from Byland may refer to:A Peninsula or byland . More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/byland
The word 'farad' (noun) is defined as: The standard unit of electrical capacity; the capacity of a condenser whose charge, having an electro-motive force of one volt, is equal to the amount of electricity which, with the same electromotive force, passes through one ohm in one second; the capacity, which, charged with one coulomb, gives an electro-motive force of one volt.. Additional context from The farad (symbol: F) is the unit of electrical capacitance, the ability of a body to store an electrical charge, in the International System of Units (SI), equivalent to 1 coulomb per volt (C/V). It is named after the English physicist Michael Faraday (1791–1867). In SI base units 1 F = 1 kg−1⋅m−2⋅s4⋅A2.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/farad
The word 'three-way' (adjective) is defined as: Connected with, or serving to connect, three channels or pipes; as, a three-way cock or valve.. Additional context from Films set in San Diego, Films based on thriller novels. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/three-way
The word 'autograft' (noun) is defined as: a tissue or organ that is transplanted from one part to another of the same body. Additional context from Autotransfusion - Autotransfusion is a process wherein a person receives their own blood for a transfusion, instead of banked allogenic blood., Replantation - Replantation or reattachment is defined as the surgical reattachment of a body part that has been completely cut from the body. Examples include reattachment of a partially or fully amputated finger, or reattachment of a kidney that had had an avulsion-type injury., Rotationplasty - Rotationplasty, commonly known as a Van Nes rotation or Borggreve rotation, is a type of autograft wherein a portion of a limb is removed, while the remaining limb below the involved portion is rotated and reattached., Spleen transplantation - Spleen transplantation is the transfer of spleen or its fragments from one individual to another. It is under research for induction of immunological tolerance for other transplanted organs. Success has been achieved in rodent models., Stem cell fat grafting - Stem cell fat grafting is the autotransplantation of adipose-derived stem cells extracted from fat-abundant donor sites to other areas such as the face, breast, and hip to reconstruct the operative areas into desirable shapes., Transplantation medicine, Orthopedic surgical procedures, Transfusion medicine. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/autograft
Related word 'autografting' (noun) provides context: a tissue or organ that is transplanted from one part to another of the same body. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/autografting
The word 'anemic' (adjective) is defined as: relating to or affected with anemia. Additional context from Anemias, Hematopathology, Transfusion medicine. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anemic
Related word 'anemically' (adjective) provides context: relating to or affected with anemia. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anemically
The word 'cloze' (adjective) is defined as: of, relating to, or being a test of reading comprehension that involves having the person being tested supply words which have been systematically deleted from a text. Additional context from Communicative competence - The concept of communicative competence, as developed in linguistics, originated in response to perceived inadequacy of the notion of linguistic competence., English language learning and teaching - English-language Learner is a term used in some English-speaking countries such as the United States and Canada to describe a person who is learning the English language and has a native language that is not English., Form letter - A form letter is a letter written from a template, rather than being specially composed for a specific recipient. The most general kind of form letter consists of one or more regions of boilerplate text interspersed with one or more substitution placeholders., Mad Libs - Mad Libs is a phrasal template word game created by Leonard Stern and Roger Price. It consists of one player prompting others for a list of words to substitute for blanks in a story before reading aloud. The game is frequently played as a party game or as a pastime., Sentence completion tests - Sentence completion tests are a class of semi-structured projective techniques. Sentence completion tests typically provide respondents with beginnings of sentences, referred to as &quot;stems&quot;, and respondents then complete the sentences in ways that are meaningful to them., Language assessment. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cloze
The word 'leghorn' (noun) is defined as: A straw plaiting used for bonnets and hats, made from the straw of a particular kind of wheat, grown for the purpose in Tuscany, Italy; -- so called from Leghorn, the place of exportation.. Additional context from Foghorn Leghorn A cartoon rooster who appears in Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons and films from Warner..., Leghorn chicken A breed of chicken originating in Tuscany, in central Italy., Livorno A port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of the Tuscany region, Italy.. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/leghorn
The word 'cravo' (noun) is defined as: opah. Additional context from Cravo may refer to:Christian Cravo, Brazilian photographer. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cravo
Related word 'Allotriognathi' (plural noun) provides context: an order or suborder of oceanic teleost fishes comprising the opah, the dealfishes, ribbonfishes, and related forms. Sourced from . Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Allotriognathi
Related word 'herring' (noun) provides context: One of various species of fishes of the genus Clupea, and allied genera, esp. the common round or English herring (C. harengus) of the North Atlantic. Herrings move in vast schools, coming in spring to the shores of Europe and America, where they are salted and smoked in great quantities. Herring gull (Zoöl.), a large gull which feeds in part upon herrings; esp., Larus argentatus in America, and L. cachinnans in England. See Gull. -- Herring hog (Zoöl.), the common porpoise. -- King of the herrings. (Zoöl.) (a) The chimæra (C. monstrosa) which follows the schools of herring. See Chimæra. (b) The opah.. Sourced from Herring Herring are forage fish, mostly belonging to the family of Clupeidae., Battle of the Herrings A military action near the town of Rouvray in France, just north of Orléans, which took place on.... Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/herring
Related word 'kingfish' (noun) provides context: (a) An American marine food fish of the genus Menticirrus, especially M. saxatilis, or M. nebulosos, of the Atlantic coast; -- called also whiting, surf whiting, and barb. (b) The opah. (c) The common cero; also, the spotted cero. See Cero. (d) The queenfish.. Sourced from King mackerel A migratory species of mackerel of the western Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico., Convair Kingfish The ultimate result of a series of proposals designed at Convair as a replacement for the..., Kingfish (band) An American rock band led by Matthew Kelly, a musician, singer, and songwriter who plays guitar.... Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/kingfish
Related word 'sunfish' (noun) provides context: (a) A very large oceanic plectognath fish (Mola mola, Mola rotunda, or Orthagoriscus mola) having a broad body and a truncated tail. (b) Any one of numerous species of perch-like North American fresh- water fishes of the family Centrachidæ. They have a broad, compressed body, and strong dorsal spines. Among the common species of the Eastern United States are Lepomis gibbosus (called also bream, pondfish, pumpkin seed, and sunny), the blue sunfish, or dollardee (L. pallidus), and the long-eared sunfish (L. auritus). Several of the species are called also pondfish. (c) The moonfish, or bluntnosed shiner. (d) The opah. (e) The basking, or liver, shark. (f) Any large jellyfish.. Sourced from Ocean sunfish The ocean sunfish or common mola is one of the largest bony fish in the world., Sunfish (sailboat) A personal-size, beach-launched sailing dinghy., Sunfish Pond A 44-acre glacial lake surrounded by a 258-acre hardwood forest located on the Kittatinny Ridge.... Additional details at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sunfish
The word 'storming' (noun) is defined as: from Storm, v. Storming party (Mil.), a party assigned to the duty of making the first assault in storming a fortress.. Additional context from Storm Category, Anticyclonic storm - An anticyclonic storm is a storm with a high-pressure center, in which winds flow in the direction opposite to that of the flow above a region of low pressure. Unlike a cyclonic storm, anticyclonic storms are typically associated with fair weather and stable atmospheric conditions., ARkStorm - An ARkStorm is a &quot;megastorm&quot; proposed scenario based on repeated historical occurrences of atmospheric rivers and other major rain events first developed and published by the Multi-Hazards Demonstration Project of the United States Geological Survey in 2010 and updated as ARkStorm 2.0 in 2022., Atlantic hurricane - An Atlantic hurricane is a type of tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean primarily between June and November. The terms &quot;hurricane&quot;, &quot;typhoon&quot;, and &quot;cyclone&quot; can be used interchangeably to describe this weather phenomenon., Cyclone - In meteorology, a cyclone is a large air mass that rotates around a strong center of low atmospheric pressure, counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere as viewed from above., Dust storm - A dust storm, also called a sandstorm, is a meteorological phenomenon common in arid and semi-arid regions. Dust storms arise when a gust front or other strong wind blows loose sand and dirt from a dry surface., Extreme weather , a list of historical storms and other extreme weather., Natural disasters, Weather hazards. More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/storming
The word 'Ashraf' (plural noun) is defined as: descendants of the prophet Muhammad regarded as of noble lineage and preeminence in Islam   compare sayyid. Additional context from Sharif A title used to designate a person descended, or claiming to be descended, from the family of the..., Camp Ashraf A camp in Iraq&#039;s Diyala Governorate, having the character of a small city with all basic..., Asharaf A Somali clan. Their name is the plural of sharīf, an originally Arabic term designating those..., Ashraf, East Azerbaijan A village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East..., Behshahr A city in, and the capital of, the Central District of Behshahr County, Mazandaran province, Iran.... More info at: http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Ashraf

--- Training Data Generated on 2025-01-14 01:16:31 by User ID 6 ---
the word fosse is commonly referred to as 1. (Fort.)  A ditch or moat. 2. (Anat.)  See Fossa. Fosse road. See Fosseway. from Bob Fosse An American dancer, musical-theatre choreographer, actor, theatre director, and filmmaker., Nicole Fosse An American actress, dancer, and producer. She is the only daughter of Gwen Verdon and Bob Fosse., Fosse Way A Roman road built in Britain during the first and second centuries AD that linked Exeter in the... and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fosse will help.
the word Alabaman is commonly referred to as see tallapoosa from Alabama Category, Index of Alabama-related articles - The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S. state of Alabama., Outline of Alabama — organized list of topics about Alabama., USS Alabama , 7 ships., States of the Confederate States of America, States of the Gulf Coast of the United States, Southern United States, States of the United States and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Alabaman will help.
the word Alabamian is commonly referred to as see tallapoosa from Alabama Category, Index of Alabama-related articles - The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S. state of Alabama., Outline of Alabama — organized list of topics about Alabama., USS Alabama , 7 ships., States of the Confederate States of America, States of the Gulf Coast of the United States, Southern United States, States of the United States and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Alabamian will help.
the word Blagonravov is commonly referred to as Surname list from Blagonravov is a surname of Russian origin. The feminine form is Blagonravova. People with this name include:Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Blagonravov (1933–2020), Soviet and Russian military engineer and tank designer and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Blagonravov will help.
the word Aaberg is commonly referred to as Surname list from Aaberg or Åberg is a surname of Swedish origin. People with this surname include:Arvid Åberg (1885–1950), Swedish athlete and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaberg will help.
the word Aalto is commonly referred to as Surname list from Aalto is a Finnish Laine type surname meaning &quot;wave&quot;. Notable people with the surname include:Aino Aalto (1894–1949), Finnish architect and designer and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aalto will help.
the word Aandahl is commonly referred to as Surname list from Aandahl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:Søren Jørgensen Aandahl (1802–1886), Norwegian politician and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aandahl will help.
the word Aaronson is commonly referred to as Surname list from Aaronson is a Jewish patronymic surname, meaning &quot;son of Aaron&quot;. It is unknown as a given name. Aaronson or its variants may refer to:Brenden Aaronson, American soccer player and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aaronson will help.
the word Abakumov is commonly referred to as Surname list from Abakumov or Abakumova is a Russian surname. Variants of this surname include Abakishin/Abakishina (Абаки́шин/Абаки́шина), Abakulov/Abakulova (Абаку́лов/Абаку́лова), Abakumkin/Abakumkina (Абаку́мкин/Абаку́мкина), Abakushin/Abakushina (Абаку́шин/Абаку́шина), Abakshin/Abakshina (Аба́кшин/Аба́кшина), Abbakumov/Abbakumova (Аббаку́мов/Аббаку́мова), Avakumov/Avakumova (Аваку́мов/Аваку́мова), Avvakumov/Avvakumova (Авваку́мов/Авваку́мова), and possibly Bakulin/Bakulina (Баку́лин/Баку́лина) and Bakunin/Bakunina (Баку́нин/Баку́нина). and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abakumov will help.
the word Abbate is commonly referred to as Surname list from Abbate and L&#039;Abbate is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:Allison Abbate, American film producer and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abbate will help.
the word Abboud is commonly referred to as Surname list from Abboud, Aboud, or `Ābūd is an Arabic nickname to any Arabic name that starts with Abdul Abdel Abdal. Instances include:Given nameAboud El Khodary, Egyptian footballer and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abboud will help.
the word Abderhalden is commonly referred to as Surname list from Abderhalden is a Swiss surname. Notable people with the surname include:Emil Abderhalden (1877–1950), Swiss biochemist and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abderhalden will help.
the word abeles is commonly referred to as Surname list from Abeles is an English and Jewish surname, derived from the biblical name Abel. Notable people with the surname include:Benjamin Abeles (1925-2020), American physicist and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/abeles will help.
the word Abelson is commonly referred to as Surname list from Abelson, originating from both Swedish and Yiddish, and derived from the name Abel, is the surname of:Alan Abelson (1925–2013), American journalist and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Abelson will help.
the word bulleted is commonly referred to as a round or elongated missile (as of lead) to be fired from a firearm from Punctuation and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bulleted will help.
the word bullets is commonly referred to as a round or elongated missile (as of lead) to be fired from a firearm from Bullet A kinetic projectile, a component of firearm ammunition that is shot from a gun barrel., Bullet (typography) A typographical symbol or glyph used to introduce items in a list., Bullet Club A professional wrestling stable primarily appearing in the Japanese promotion New Japan... and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bullets will help.
the word squilgee is commonly referred to as Formerly, a small swab for drying a vessel&#039;s deck; now, a kind of scraper having a blade or edge of rubber or of leather, -- used for removing superfluous, water or other liquids, as from a vessel&#039;s deck after washing, from window panes, photographer&#039;s plates, etc. [Written also squillgee, squillagee, squeegee.] from Cleret - Cleret is an American manufacturer and brand of squeegees and related products based in Lake Oswego, Oregon., Squeegee man - A squeegee man or squeegee woman, squeegee kid, squeegee boy, squeegee punk, squeegee merchant, squeegee guy or squeegee bandit is a person who, using a washcloth and squeegee, wipes windshields of cars stopped in traffic, in exchange for money., Strigil - The strigil or stlengis is a tool for the cleansing of the body by scraping off dirt, perspiration, and oil that was applied before bathing in Ancient Greek and Roman cultures., Doctor blade - In printing the doctor blade removes the excess ink from the smooth non-engraved portions of the anilox roll and the land areas of the cell walls. Doctor blades are also used in other printing and coating processes, such as flexo and pad printing for the same function., Cleaning tools and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/squilgee will help.
the word Christi is commonly referred to as the Thursday after Trinity observed as a Roman Catholic festival in honor of the Eucharist from Christi is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:Christi Belcourt, Métis painter, craftsperson, and writer and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Christi will help.
the word Benadryl is commonly referred to as Brand of various antihistamine medications from Benadryl is a brand of various antihistamine medications used to stop allergies, whose content varies in different countries, but which includes some combination of diphenhydramine, acrivastine, and/or cetirizine. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Benadryl will help.
the word acylated is commonly referred to as to introduce an acyl radical into from Hydroacylation - Hydroacylation is a type of organic reaction in which an electron-rich unsaturated hydrocarbon inserts into a formyl C-H bond. With alkenes, the product is a ketone: With an alkyne instead, the reaction produces an α,β-unsaturated ketone. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/acylated will help.
the word oolitic is commonly referred to as Of or pertaining to oölite; composed of, or resembling, oölite. from Oolite A sedimentary rock formed from ooids, spherical grains composed of concentric layers., Oolitic, Indiana A town in Indian Creek and Shawswick townships, Lawrence County, Indiana, United States., Oolitic aragonite sand Oolitic aragonite sand forms in tropical waters. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/oolitic will help.
the word definitor is commonly referred to as an official charged under canon law with the supervision of ecclesiastical property in one of the districts into which a deanery is divided and with aiding the dean from In the Catholic Church, a definitor is a title with different specific uses. There are secular definitors, who have a limited amount of oversight over a part of a diocese, and also definitors in religious orders who generally provide counsel and assistance to the superiors general and provincial superiors of their order. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/definitor will help.
the word All-father is commonly referred to as father of all from The Dagda An important god in Irish mythology. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/All-father will help.
the word father is commonly referred to as 1. One who has begotten a child, whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent. A wise son maketh a glad father. Prov. x. 1. 2. A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially, a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural, fathers, ancestors. David slept with his fathers. 1 Kings ii. 10. Abraham, who is the father of us all. Rom. iv. 16. 3. One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance, affetionate care, counsel, or protection. I was a father to the poor. Job xxix. 16. He hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house. Gen. xiv. 8. 4. A respectful mode of address to an old man. And Joash the king og Israel came down unto him [Elisha], . . . and said, O my father, my father! 2 Kings xiii. 14. 5. A senator of ancient Rome. 6. A dignitary of the church, a superior of a convent, a confessor (called also father confessor), or a priest; also, the eldest member of a profession, or of a legislative assembly, etc. Bless you, good father friar ! Shak. 7. One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as, the Latin, Greek, or apostolic Fathers. 8. One who, or that which, gives origin; an originator; a producer, author, or contriver; the first to practice any art, profession, or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher. The father of all such as handle the harp and organ. Gen. iv. 21. Might be the father, Harry, to that thought. Shak. The father of good news. Shak. 9. The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology, the first person in the Trinity. Our Father, which art in heaven. Matt. vi. 9. Now had the almighty Father from above . . . Bent down his eye. Milton. Adoptive father, one who adopts the child of another, treating it as his own. -- Apostolic father, Conscript fathers, etc. See under Apostolic, Conscript, etc. -- Father in God, a title given to bishops. -- Father of lies, the Devil. -- Father of the bar, the oldest practitioner at the bar. -- Fathers of the city, the aldermen. -- Father of the Faithful. (a) Abraham. Rom. iv. Gal. iii. 6-9. (b) Mohammed, or one of the sultans, his successors. -- Father of the house, the member of a legislative body who has had the longest continuous service. -- Most Reverend Father in God, a title given to archbishops and metropolitans, as to the archbishops of Canterbury and York. -- Natural father, the father of an illegitimate child. -- Putative father, one who is presumed to be the father of an illegitimate child; the supposed father. -- Spiritual father. (a) A religious teacher or guide, esp. one instrumental in leading a soul to God. (b) (R. C. Ch.) A priest who hears confession in the sacrament of penance. -- The Holy Father (R. C. Ch.), the pope.

1. To make one&#039;s self the father of; to beget. Cowards father cowards, and base things sire base. Shak. 2. To take as one&#039;s own child; to adopt; hence, to assume as one&#039;s own work; to acknowledge one&#039;s self a from A father is the male parent of a child. Besides the paternal bonds of a father to his children, the father may have a parental, legal, and social relationship with the child that carries with it certain rights and obligations. A biological father is the male genetic contributor to the creation of the infant, through sexual intercourse or sperm donation. A biological father may have legal obligations to a child not raised by him, such as an obligation of monetary support. An adoptive father is a man who has become the child&#039;s parent through the legal process of adoption. A putative father is a man whose biological relationship to a child is alleged but has not been established. A stepfather is a non-biological male parent married to a child&#039;s preexisting parent and may form a family unit but generally does not have the legal rights and responsibilities of a parent in relation to the child. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/father will help.
the word closeups is commonly referred to as a photograph or movie shot taken at close range from Macro photography - Macro photography is extreme close-up photography, usually of very small subjects and living organisms like insects, in which the size of the subject in the photograph is greater than life size., Micrograph - A micrograph or photomicrograph is a photograph or digital image taken through a microscope or similar device to show a magnified image of an object., Shot (filmmaking) - In filmmaking and video production, a shot is a series of frames that runs for an uninterrupted period of time. Film shots are an essential aspect of a movie where angles, transitions and cuts are used to further express emotion, ideas and movement., Photography by genre, Cinematic techniques, Television terminology and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closeups will help.
the word closeup is commonly referred to as a photograph or movie shot taken at close range from Macro photography - Macro photography is extreme close-up photography, usually of very small subjects and living organisms like insects, in which the size of the subject in the photograph is greater than life size., Micrograph - A micrograph or photomicrograph is a photograph or digital image taken through a microscope or similar device to show a magnified image of an object., Shot (filmmaking) - In filmmaking and video production, a shot is a series of frames that runs for an uninterrupted period of time. Film shots are an essential aspect of a movie where angles, transitions and cuts are used to further express emotion, ideas and movement., Photography by genre, Cinematic techniques, Television terminology and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/closeup will help.
the word close-up is commonly referred to as a photograph or movie shot taken at close range from A close-up or closeup in filmmaking, television production, still photography, and the comic strip medium is a type of shot that tightly frames a person or object. Close-ups are one of the standard shots used regularly with medium and long shots. Close-ups display the most detail, but they do not include the broader scene. Moving toward or away from a close-up is a common type of zooming. A close up is taken from head to neck, giving the viewer a detailed view of the subject&#039;s face. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/close-up will help.
the word nulled is commonly referred to as Turned so as to resemble nulls. Nulled work (Cabinetwork), ornamental turned work resembling nulls or beads strung on a rod. from Crime forums and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/nulled will help.
the word chiasmatic is commonly referred to as an anatomical intersection or decussation   compare optic chiasma from Chiasmatic may refer to:Chiasmatic cistern and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chiasmatic will help.
the word chiasmata is commonly referred to as an anatomical intersection or decussation   compare optic chiasma from Chiasmus A &quot;reversal of grammatical structures in successive phrases or clauses – but no repetition of..., Chiastic structure A literary technique in narrative motifs and other textual passages., Chiasma (genetics) The point of contact, the physical link, between two chromatids belonging to homologous chromosomes., Chiasm (musical project) A solo artist who produces the electronic music project Chiasm sold by COP International records., Chiasm (anatomy) The spot where two structures cross, forming an X-shape. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chiasmata will help.
the word honorific is commonly referred to as Conferring honor; tending to honor. London. Spectator. from Style (manner of address) - A style of office, honorific or manner/form of address, is an official or legally recognized form of address, and may often be used in conjunction with a title., The Honourable - The Honourable or The Honorable is an honorific style that is used as a prefix before the names or titles of certain people, usually with official governmental or diplomatic positions., T-V distinction - The T–V distinction is the contextual use of different pronouns that exists in some languages and serves to convey formality or familiarity. Its name comes from the Latin pronouns tu and vos., Honorifics and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/honorific will help.
the word reserve is commonly referred to as 1. To keep back; to retain; not to deliver, make over, or disclose. &quot;I have reserved to myself nothing.&quot; Shak. 2. Hence, to keep in store for future or special use; to withhold from present use for another purpose or time; to keep; to retain. Gen. xxvii. 35. Hast thou seen the treasures of the hail, which I have reserved against the time of trouble Job xxxviii. 22,23. Reserve your kind looks and language for private hours. Swift. 3. To make an exception of; to except. [R.]

1. The act of reserving, or keeping back; reservation. However any one may concur in the general scheme, it is still with certain reserves and deviations. Addison. 2. That which is reserved, or kept back, as for future use. The virgins, besides the oil in their lamps, carried likewise a reserve in some other vessel for a continual supply. Tillotson. 3. That which is excepted; exception. Each has some darling lust, which pleads for a reserve. Rogers. 4. Restraint of freedom in words or actions; backwardness; caution in personal behavior. My soul, surprised, and from her sex disjoined, Left all reserve, and all the sex, behind. Prior. The clergyman&#039;s shy and sensitive reserve had balked this scheme. Hawthorne. 5. A tract of land reserved, or set apart, for a particular purpose; as, the Connecticut Reserve in Ohio, originally set apart for the school fund of Connecticut; the Clergy Reserves in Canada, for the support of the clergy. 6. (Mil.)  A body of troops in the rear of an army drawn up for battle, reserved to support the other lines as occasion may require; a force or body of troops kept for an exigency. 7. (Banking)  Funds kept on hand to meet liabilities. In reserve, in keeping for other or future use; in store; as, he has large quantities of wheat in reserve; he has evidence or arguments in reserve. -- Reserve air. (Physiol.) Same as Supplemental air, under Supplemental. Syn. -- Reservation; retention; limitation; backwardness; reservedness; coldness; restraint; shyness; coyness; modesty. from Nature reserve A protected area of importance for flora, fauna, or features of geological or other special..., Official gold reserves The gold held by a national central bank, intended mainly as a guarantee to redeem promises to..., Reserve currency A foreign currency that is held in significant quantities by central banks or other monetary... and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/reserve will help.
the word misnomer is commonly referred to as The misnaming of a person in a legal instrument, as in a complaint or indictment; any misnaming of a person or thing; a wrong or inapplicable name or title. Many of the changes, by a great misnomer, called parliamentary &quot;reforms&quot;. Burke. The word &quot;synonym&quot; is fact a misnomer. Whatel

To misname. [R.] from Oxymoron - An oxymoron is a figure of speech that juxtaposes concepts with opposite meanings within a word or in a phrase that is a self-contradiction. As a rhetorical device, an oxymoron illustrates a point to communicate and reveal a paradox., Metonymy - Metonymy is a figure of speech in which a concept is referred to by the name of something closely associated with that thing or concept., English-language idioms, Semantics and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/misnomer will help.
the word deaconess is commonly referred to as A female deacon; as: (a) (Primitive Ch.) One of an order of women whose duties resembled those of deacons. (b) (Ch. of Eng. and Prot. Epis. Ch.)  A woman set apart for church work by a bishop. (c) A woman chosen as a helper in church work, as among the Congregationalists. from The ministry of a deaconess is a usually non-ordained ministry for women in some Protestant, Oriental Orthodox, and Eastern Orthodox churches to provide pastoral care, especially for other women, and which may carry a limited liturgical role. The word comes from the Greek diakonos (διάκονος), for &quot;deacon&quot;, which means a servant or helper and occurs frequently in the Christian New Testament of the Bible. Deaconesses trace their roots from the time of Jesus Christ through to the 13th century in the West. They existed from the early through the middle Byzantine periods in Constantinople and Jerusalem; the office may also have existed in Western European churches. There is evidence to support the idea that the diaconate including women in the Byzantine Church of the early and middle Byzantine periods was recognized as one of the major non-ordained orders of clergy. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/deaconess will help.
the word zest is commonly referred to as 1. A piece of orange or lemon peel, or the aromatic oil which may be squeezed from such peel, used to give flavor to liquor, etc. 2. Hence, something that gives or enhances a pleasant taste, or the taste itself; an appetizer; also, keen enjoyment; relish; gusto. Almighty Vanity! to thee they owe Their zest of pleasure, and their balm of woe. Young. Liberality of disposition and conduct gives the highest zest and relish to social intercourse. Gogan. 3. The woody, thick skin inclosing the kernel of a walnut. [Obs.]

1. To cut into thin slips, as the peel of an orange, lemon, etc.; to squeeze, as peel, over the surface of anything. 2. To give a relish or flavor to; to heighten the taste or relish of; as, to zest wine. Gibber. from Zest (ingredient) A food ingredient that is prepared by scraping or cutting from the rind of unwaxed citrus fruits..., Zest Airways Zest Airways, Inc., operated as AirAsia Zest, was a Filipino low-cost airline based at Ninoy..., Zest (positive psychology) Among the discrete strengths people possess. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/zest will help.
the word Ctenoplana is commonly referred to as a genus of ctenophores consisting of a single species of small degenerate bottom-dwelling forms lacking ciliated swimming plates that are widely distributed in the Indian and Pacific oceans from Ctenoplana is a genus of comb jellies, and the only genus in the family Ctenoplanidae. It comprises the following species:Ctenoplana agnae (Dawydoff, 1929) and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Ctenoplana will help.
the word Angkor is commonly referred to as Capital city of the Khmer Empire from Angkor, also known as Yasodharapura, was the capital city of the Khmer Empire. The city and empire flourished from approximately the 9th to the 15th centuries. The city houses the Angkor Wat, one of Cambodia&#039;s most popular tourist attractions. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Angkor will help.
the word jacksnipe is commonly referred to as (a) A small European snipe (Limnocryptes gallinula); -- called also judcock, jedcock, juddock, jed, and half snipe. (b) A small American sandpiper (Tringa maculata); -- called also pectoral sandpiper, and grass snipe. from Boats designed by Jack Holt, 1960s sailboat type designs, Dinghies and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/jacksnipe will help.
the word ova is commonly referred to as See Ovum. from Ova The female reproductive cell, or gamete, in most anisogamous organisms., Original video animation Original video animation, abbreviated as OVA and sometimes as OAV, are Japanese animated films..., Ovalbumin The main protein found in egg white, making up approximately 55% of the total protein. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ova will help.
the word germ is commonly referred to as 1. (Biol.)  That which is to develop a new individual; as, the germ of a fetus, of a plant or flower, and the like; the earliest form under which an organism appears. In the entire process in which a new being originates . . . two distinct classes of action participate; namely, the act of generation by which the germ is produced; and the act of development, by which that germ is evolved into the complete organism. Carpenter. 2. That from which anything springs; origin; first principle; as, the germ of civil liberty. Disease germ (Biol.), a name applied to certain tiny bacterial organisms or their spores, such as Anthrax bacillus and the Micrococcus of fowl cholera, which have been demonstrated to be the cause of certain diseases. See Germ theory (bellow). -- Germ cell (Biol.), the germ, egg, spore, or cell from which the plant or animal arises. At one time a part of the body of the parent, it finally becomes detached,and by a process of multiplication and growth gives rise to a mass of cells, which ultimately form a new individual like the parent. See Ovum. -- Germ gland. (Anat.) See Gonad. -- Germ stock (Zoöl.), a special process on which buds are developed in certain animals. See Doliolum. -- Germ theory (Biol.), the theory that living organisms can be produced only by the evolution or development of living germs or seeds. See Biogenesis, and Abiogenesis. As applied to the origin of disease, the theory claims that the zymotic diseases are due to the rapid development and multiplication of various bacteria, the germs or spores of which are either contained in the organism itself, or transferred through the air or water. See Fermentation theory.

To germinate. [R.] J. Morley. from Germ theory of disease The currently accepted scientific theory for many diseases., Germs (band) An American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California, originally active from 1976 to 1980., Germination The process by which an organism grows from a seed or spore. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/germ will help.
the word cameroonian is commonly referred to as a native or inhabitant of Cameroon from Cameroonian may refer to:Something of, from, or related to the country of Cameroon and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/cameroonian will help.
the word conflate is commonly referred to as To blow together; to bring together; to collect;  to fuse together; to join or weld; to consolidate. The State-General, created and conflated by the passionate effort of the whole nation. Carlyle. from Amalgamation (names) - An amalgamated name is a name that is formed by combining several previously existing names. These may take the form of an acronym or a blend. Amalgamated names are most commonly used for amalgamated businesses, characters and places. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/conflate will help.
the word Albay is commonly referred to as Province in Bicol, Philippines from Albay, officially the Province of Albay, is a province in the Bicol Region of the Philippines, mostly on the southeastern part of the island of Luzon. Its capital is the city of Legazpi, the regional center of the whole Bicol Region, which is located in the southern foothill of Mayon Volcano. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Albay will help.
the word bobeche is commonly referred to as a usually glass collar on a candle socket to catch drippings or on a candlestick or chandelier to hold suspended glass prisms from Bobèche A cup or ring at the top of a candlestick, used to catch melted wax running down the side of the..., Bobèche A French theatre clown, similar to a, under the First Empire and the Restoration. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bobeche will help.
the word anan is commonly referred to as An expression equivalent to What did you say Sir Eh [Obs.] Shak. from Anan or ANAN may refer to: and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/anan will help.
the word chronaxia is commonly referred to as the minimum time required for excitation of a structure (such as a neuron) by a constant electric current of twice the threshold voltage from Bursting - Bursting, or burst firing, is an extremely diverse general phenomenon of the activation patterns of neurons in the central nervous system and spinal cord where periods of rapid action potential spiking are followed by quiescent periods much longer than typical inter-spike intervals., Calcium channel s, Epithelial sodium channel - The epithelial sodium channel, is a membrane-bound ion channel that is selectively permeable to sodium ions., Ion channel s, Patch clamp - The patch clamp technique is a laboratory technique in electrophysiology used to study ionic currents in individual isolated living cells, tissue sections, or patches of cell membrane., Potassium channel s, Electrophysiology and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chronaxia will help.
the word chronaxy is commonly referred to as the minimum time required for excitation of a structure (such as a neuron) by a constant electric current of twice the threshold voltage from Bursting - Bursting, or burst firing, is an extremely diverse general phenomenon of the activation patterns of neurons in the central nervous system and spinal cord where periods of rapid action potential spiking are followed by quiescent periods much longer than typical inter-spike intervals., Calcium channel s, Epithelial sodium channel - The epithelial sodium channel, is a membrane-bound ion channel that is selectively permeable to sodium ions., Ion channel s, Patch clamp - The patch clamp technique is a laboratory technique in electrophysiology used to study ionic currents in individual isolated living cells, tissue sections, or patches of cell membrane., Potassium channel s, Electrophysiology and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chronaxy will help.
the word chronaxie is commonly referred to as the minimum time required for excitation of a structure (such as a neuron) by a constant electric current of twice the threshold voltage from Chronaxie is the minimum time required for an electric current double the strength of the rheobase to stimulate a muscle or a neuron. Rheobase is the lowest intensity with indefinite pulse duration which just stimulated muscles or nerves. Chronaxie is dependent on the density of voltage-gated sodium channels in the cell, which affect that cell&#039;s excitability. Chronaxie varies across different types of tissue: fast-twitch muscles have a lower chronaxie, slow-twitch muscles have a higher one. Chronaxie is the tissue-excitability parameter that and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/chronaxie will help.
the word batty is commonly referred to as Belonging to, or resembling, a bat. &quot;Batty wings.&quot; Shak. from Batty is a surname and is most commonly found in Yorkshire, northern England. It is derived from Batte, a medieval form of the given name Bartholomew. Notable people with the surname include:Basil Batty (1873–1952), Anglican bishop and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/batty will help.
the word osnaburg is commonly referred to as A species of coarse linen, originally made in Osnaburg, Germany. from Osnaburg A general term for coarse, plain-weave fabric., Osnaburg Township, Stark County, Ohio Osnaburg Township is one of the seventeen townships of Stark County, Ohio, United States., Mehetia A volcanic island in the Windward Islands, in the east of the Society Islands in French Polynesia., Dairsie A village and parish in north-east Fife, Scotland. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/osnaburg will help.
the word borohydride is commonly referred to as the anion BH4− of boron and hydrogen that is used especially as a reducing agent and as a source of hydrogen atoms from Borohydride refers to the anion [BH4]−, which is also called tetrahydridoborate, and its salts. Borohydride or hydroborate is also the term used for compounds containing [BH4−nXn]−, where n is an integer from 0 to 3, for example cyanoborohydride or cyanotrihydroborate [BH3(CN)]− and triethylborohydride or triethylhydroborate [BH(CH2CH3)3]−. Borohydrides find wide use as reducing agents in organic synthesis. The most important borohydrides are lithium borohydride and sodium borohydride, but other salts are well known. Tetrahydroborates are also of academic and industrial interest in inorganic chemistry. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/borohydride will help.
the word interdiction is commonly referred to as The act of interdicting; prohibition; prohibiting decree; curse; interdict. The truest issue of thy throne By his own interdiction stands accurst. Shak. from Military tactics, Espionage and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/interdiction will help.
the word rebellious is commonly referred to as Engaged in rebellion; disposed to rebel of the nature of rebels or of rebellion; resisting government or lawful authority by force. &quot;Thy rebellious crew.&quot; &quot;Proud rebellious arms.&quot; Milton. -- Re*bel&quot;lious*ly, adv. -- Re*bel&quot;lious*ness, n. from Rebellion Category, Causes of war, Political science theories, Peace and conflict studies and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/rebellious will help.
the word sanatorium is commonly referred to as An establishment for the treatment of the sick; a resort for invalids. See Sanitarium. from Sanatorium (resort) - In the post-Soviet countries, the term sanatorium is generally used to refer to a combination resort/recreational facility and a medical facility to provide short-term complex rest and medical services. It is similar to a spa resort, but with medical services., Battle Creek Sanitarium (Michigan, United States)., Leper colony - A leper colony, also known by many other names, is an isolated community for the quarantining and treatment of lepers, people suffering from leprosy., Tuberculosis sanatoria, Destination resorts and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/sanatorium will help.
the word balefires is commonly referred to as an outdoor fire often used as a signal fire from Balefire (novel series) A fantasy novel series by Cate Tiernan, the author of the Sweep series., Balefire (The Wheel of Time) A destructive magical ability in the Wheel of Time series of fantasy novels. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/balefires will help.
the word bale-fire is commonly referred to as an outdoor fire often used as a signal fire from Balefire (novel series) A fantasy novel series by Cate Tiernan, the author of the Sweep series., Balefire (The Wheel of Time) A destructive magical ability in the Wheel of Time series of fantasy novels. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/bale-fire will help.
the word snape is commonly referred to as To bevel the end of a timber to fit against an inclined surface. from Severus Snape A fictional character in J. K. Rowling&#039;s Harry Potter series. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/snape will help.
the word synopsis is commonly referred to as A general view, or a collection of heads or parts so arranged as to exhibit a general view of the whole; an abstract or summary of a discourse; a syllabus; a conspectus. That the reader may see in one view the exactness of the method, as well as force of the argument, I shall here draw up a short synopsis of this epistle. Bp. Warburton. Syn. -- Abridgment; compendium; epitome; abstract; summary; syllabus; conspectus. See Abridgment. from Synoptic Gospels The gospels of Matthew, Mark, and Luke are referred to as the synoptic Gospels because they..., Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. is an American electronic design automation company headquartered in Sunnyvale..., Video synopsis A method for automatically synthesizing a short, informative summary of a video., Transcript poetry A research method of data collection by which researchers use selected parts of transcripts and..., Synopsis (album) Synopsis is Kis-My-Ft2&#039;s tenth album, released on May 8, 2024, by MENT Recording. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/synopsis will help.
the word stocker is commonly referred to as One who makes or fits stocks, as of guns or gun carriages, etc. from John Stocker (voice actor) A Canadian voice actor. His career in voice acting began in the 1970s., Valentin Stocker A Swiss former professional footballer who played as a left midfielder. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/stocker will help.
the word flyer is commonly referred to as 1. One that uses wings. 2. The fly of a flag: See Fly, n., 6. 3. Anything that is scattered abroad in great numbers as a theatrical programme, an advertising leaf, etc. 4. (Arch.)  One in a flight of steps which are parallel to each other(as in ordinary stairs), as distinguished from a winder. 5. The pair of arms attached to the spindle of a spinning frame, over which the thread passes to the bobbin; -- so called from their swift revolution. See Fly, n., 11. 6. The fan wheel that rotates the cap of a windmill as the wind veers. Internat. Cyc. 7. (Stock Jobbing)  A small operation not involving considerable part of one&#039;s capital, or not in the line of one&#039;s ordinary business; a venture. [Cant] Bartlett. from Wright Flyer The Wright Flyer made the first sustained flight by a manned heavier-than-air powered and..., Philadelphia Flyers A professional ice hockey team based in Philadelphia., Flyer (pamphlet) A form of paper advertisement intended for wide distribution and typically posted or distributed... and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/flyer will help.
the word paraxial is commonly referred to as On either side of the axis of the skeleton. from Geometrical optics and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/paraxial will help.
the word matin is commonly referred to as A French mastiff.

1. Morning. [Obs.] Shak. 2. pl. Etym: [F. matines. See Etymol. above.]  Morning worship or service; morning prayers or songs. The winged choristers began To chirp their matins. Cleveland. 3. Time of morning service; the first canonical hour in the Roman Catholic Church.

Of or pertaining to the morning, or to matins; used in the morning; matutinal. from Matins A canonical hour in Christian liturgy, originally sung during the darkness of early morning., Morning The period from sunrise to noon. It is preceded by the twilight period of dawn. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/matin will help.
the word ballistically is commonly referred to as extremely and usually suddenly excited, upset, or angry : wild from Ballistics Category and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ballistically will help.
the word usurer is commonly referred to as 1. One who lends money and takes interest for it; a money lender. [Obs.] If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee, thou shalt not be to him as a usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him usury. Ex. xxii. 25. 2. One who lends money at a rate of interest beyond that established by law; one who exacts an exorbitant rate of interest for the use of money. He was wont to call me usurer. Shak. from Chrematistics - Chrematistics, or the study of wealth or a particular theory of wealth as measured in money, has historically had varying levels of acceptability in Western culture. This article will summarize historical trends., Christian finance - Christian finance is a kind of ethical finance following Christian ethics. Although not widely used, the notion of &quot;Christian finance&quot; or &quot;Catholic finance&quot; refers to banking and financial activities which came into existence several centuries ago., Contractum trinius - The contractus trinus, contractus triplex, or simply triple contract, is a set of contracts used by European bankers and merchants in the Middle Ages, notably by the Fugger family, as a method of circumventing the canon law prohibition of usury., Debt-trap diplomacy - Debt-trap diplomacy is a term to describe an international financial relationship where a creditor country or institution extends debt to a borrowing nation partially, or solely, to increase the lender&#039;s political leverage., Greed - Greed is an insatiable desire for material gain or social value, such as status, or power. Greed has been identified as undesirable throughout known human history because it creates behavior-conflict between personal and social goals., History of banking - The history of banking began with the first prototype banks, that is, the merchants of the world, who gave grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This was around 2000 BCE in Assyria, India and Sumer., Property crimes, Negative Mitzvoth, Economic bubbles and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/usurer will help.
the word coverture is commonly referred to as 1. Covering; shelter; defence; hiding. Protected by walls or other like coverture. Woodward. Beatrice, who even now Is couched in the woodbine coverture. Shak. 2. (Law)  The condition of a woman during marriage, because she is considered under the cover, influence, power, and protection of her husband, and therefore called a feme covert, or femme couverte. from Coverture was a legal doctrine in English common law originating from the French word couverture, meaning &quot;covering,&quot; in which a married woman&#039;s legal existence was considered to be merged with that of her husband. Upon marriage, she had no independent legal existence of her own, in keeping with society&#039;s expectation that her husband was to provide for her and protect her. Under coverture a woman became a feme covert, whose legal rights and obligations were mostly subsumed by those of her husband. An unmarried woman, or feme sole, retained the right to own property and make contracts in her own name. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/coverture will help.
the word Amelita is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from Amelita Galli-Curci An Italian coloratura soprano., Amelita Ramos The wife of Fidel V. Ramos–the twelfth President of the Philippines–and was the eleventh First... and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Amelita will help.
the word A4 is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from A4 commonly refers to:A4 paper, a paper size defined by the ISO 216 standard, measuring 210 × 297 mm and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A4 will help.
the word A5 is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from A5 and variants may refer to: and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/A5 will help.
the word AAAA is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAAA may refer to: and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAA will help.
the word AAAL is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAAL may refer to:American Association for Applied Linguistics and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAL will help.
the word AAAS is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAAS may refer to:American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a learned society and center for policy research; the publisher of the journal Dædalus and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAAS will help.
the word AAE is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAE may refer to: and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAE will help.
the word AAF is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAF may refer to: and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAF will help.
the word AAG is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAG may refer to:Ambrak language, a Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAG will help.
the word AAII is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from AAII may refer to:Air Accidents Investigation Institute, a government agency in the Czech Republic and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/AAII will help.
the word Aalst is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from Aalst may refer to:Aalst, Belgium, a city and municipality in Belgium and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Aalst will help.
the word fixative is commonly referred to as That which serves to set or fix colors or drawings, as a mordant. from Fixation (histology) The preservation of biological tissues from decay due to autolysis or putrefaction., Fixative (perfumery) A substance used to equalize the vapor pressures, and thus the volatilities, of the raw materials..., Fixative (drawing) A kind of preserving agent applied over the top of the drawing to prevent crumbling, smudging..., Dye fixative s or mordants, are chemical substances used in processing fabrics to create circumstances in the..., Embalming chemicals A variety of preservatives, sanitising and disinfectant agents, and additives used in modern..., Photographic fixer A mix of chemicals used in the final step in the photographic processing of film or paper., Radioactivity fixatives Radioactivity or radionuclide fixatives are specialized polymer coatings used to &quot;fix&quot;... and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fixative will help.
the word summum bonum is commonly referred to as The supreme or highest good, -- referring to the object of human life. from Intrinsic value (ethics) - In ethics, intrinsic value is a property of anything that is valuable on its own. Intrinsic value is in contrast to instrumental value, which is a property of anything that derives its value from a relation to another intrinsically valuable thing., Meaning of life - The meaning of life, or the answer to the question: &quot;What is the meaning of life? &quot;, pertains to the significance of living or existence in general. Many other related questions include: &quot;Why are we here? &quot;, &quot;What is life all about? &quot;, or &quot;What is the purpose of existence?&quot;., Omnibenevolence - Omnibenevolence is defined by the Oxford English Dictionary as &quot;unlimited or infinite benevolence&quot;. Some philosophers have argued that it is impossible, or at least improbable, for a deity to exhibit such a property alongside omniscience and omnipotence, as a result of the problem of evil., Summum - Summum is a religion and philosophy that began in 1975 as a result of American citizen Claude &quot;Corky&quot; Nowell&#039;s claimed encounter with beings he described as &quot;Summa Individuals&quot;., Superlatives in religion, Latin philosophical phrases, Neoplatonism, Christian philosophy and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/summum bonum will help.
the word peddler is commonly referred to as One who peddles; a traveling trader; one who travels about, retailing small wares; a hawker. [Written also pedlar and pedler.] &quot;Some vagabond huckster or peddler.&quot; Hakluyt. from Charlatan - A charlatan is a person practicing quackery or a similar confidence trick in order to obtain money, power, fame, or other advantages through pretense or deception. One example of a charlatan appears in The Pardoner&#039;s Tale, with the Pardoner who tricks sinners into buying fake religious relics., Joan Dant - Joan Dant was an English pedlar. Born in Spitalfields, in the East End of London, she married a weaver. Upon her husband&#039;s premature death, she was forced to become a pedlar, selling goods to fellow Quakers in the environs of London., Quackery - Quackery, often synonymous with health fraud, is the promotion of fraudulent or ignorant medical practices., Sales occupations, Street culture, Obsolete occupations and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/peddler will help.
the word Carignan is commonly referred to as Red wine grape variety from Carignan is a red grape variety of Spanish origin that is more commonly found in French wine but is widely planted throughout the western Mediterranean and around the globe. Along with Aramon, it was considered one of the main grapes responsible for France&#039;s wine lake and was a substantial producer in jug wine production in California&#039;s Central Valley but in recent years, it has been reborn as a flagship wine for many cellars in the south of France as well as in Catalonia. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/Carignan will help.
the word fausse-braye is commonly referred to as A second raampart, exterior to, and parallel to, the main rampart, and considerably below its level. from Fortification (architectural elements) and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/fausse-braye will help.
the word ought is commonly referred to as See Aught.

1. Was or were under obligation to pay; owed. [Obs.] This due obedience which they ought to the king. Tyndale. The love and duty I long have ought you. Spelman. [He] said . . . you ought him a thousand pound. Shak. 2. Owned; possessed. [Obs.] The knight the which that castle ought. Spenser. 3. To be bound in duty or by moral obligation. We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak. Rom. xv. 1. 4. To be necessary, fit, becoming, or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed. &quot;Well ought us work.&quot; Chaucer. To speak of this as it ought, would ask a volume. Milton. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things Luke xxiv. 26. Note: Ought is now chiefly employed as an auxiliary verb, expressing fitness, expediency, propriety, moral obligation, or the like, in the action or state indicated by the principal verb. Syn. -- Ought, Should. Both words imply obligation, but ought is the stronger. Should may imply merely an obligation of propriety, expendiency, etc.; ought denotes an obligation of duty. from band A Canadian rock band from Montreal. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/ought will help.
the word witch-hazel is commonly referred to as The wych-elm. (b) An American shrub or small tree (Hamamelis Virginica), which blossoms late in autumn. from Antihemorrhagics, Hamamelidaceae, Traditional medicine and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/witch-hazel will help.
the word APSA is commonly referred to as Topics referred to by the same term from APSA may refer to :Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See, an institution of the Holy See, Vatican City and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/APSA will help.
the word aristos is commonly referred to as aristocrat from Aristos may refer toRefers to the Greek terminology for &quot;nobility&quot;, and is the root term for aristocrat and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aristos will help.
the word aristocratic is commonly referred to as 1. Of or pertaining to an aristocracy; consisting in, or favoring, a government of nobles, or principal men; as, an aristocratic constitution. 2. Partaking of aristocracy; befitting aristocracy; characteristic of, or originating with, the aristocracy; as, an aristocratic measure; aristocratic pride or manners. -- Ar`is*to*crat&quot;ic*al*ly, adv. -- Ar`is*to*crat&quot;ic*al*ness, n. from Gentry - Gentry are &quot;well-born, genteel and well-bred people&quot; of high social class, especially in the past. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aristocratic will help.
the word aristocratical is commonly referred to as 1. Of or pertaining to an aristocracy; consisting in, or favoring, a government of nobles, or principal men; as, an aristocratic constitution. 2. Partaking of aristocracy; befitting aristocracy; characteristic of, or originating with, the aristocracy; as, an aristocratic measure; aristocratic pride or manners. -- Ar`is*to*crat&quot;ic*al*ly, adv. -- Ar`is*to*crat&quot;ic*al*ness, n. from Gentry - Gentry are &quot;well-born, genteel and well-bred people&quot; of high social class, especially in the past. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/aristocratical will help.
the word boyar is commonly referred to as A member of a Russian aristocratic order abolished by Peter the Great. Also, one of a privileged class in Roumania. Note: English writers sometimes call Russian landed proprietors boyars. from A boyar or bolyar was a member of the highest rank of the feudal nobility in many Eastern European states, including Bulgaria, Kievan Rus&#039;, Moldavia and Wallachia, Lithuania and among Baltic Germans. Comparable to Dukes/Grand Dukes, Boyars were second only to the ruling princes, grand princes or tsars from the 10th to the 17th centuries. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/boyar will help.
the word boyard is commonly referred to as A member of a Russian aristocratic order abolished by Peter the Great. Also, one of a privileged class in Roumania. Note: English writers sometimes call Russian landed proprietors boyars. from Île aux Cygnes - Île aux Cygnes is a small artificial island on the river Seine in Paris, France, in the 15th arrondissement. It was created in 1827 to protect the bridge named the pont de Grenelle. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/boyard will help.
the word democrat is commonly referred to as 1. One who is an adherent or advocate of democracy, or government by the people. Whatever they call him, what care I, Aristocrat, democrat, autocrat. Tennyson. 2. A member of the Democratic party. [U.S.] from Democrat, Democrats, or Democratic may refer to: and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/democrat will help.
the word tax certificate is commonly referred to as The certificate issued to the purchaser of land at a tax sale certifying to the sale and the payment of the consideration thereof, and entitling the purchaser upon certain conditions and at a certain time thereafter to a deed or instrument of conveyance (called a tax deed) of the land, to be executed by the proper officer. from Archon Information Systems - Archon Information Systems, L.L.C. is a Delaware corporation that provides technology and collection services to government clients. The focus of Archon&#039;s services is the collection and management of delinquent ad valorem taxes, which are local governments&#039; major source of revenue., State taxation in the United States, Local taxation in the United States, Tax noncompliance, Real estate terminology, Real property law and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/tax certificate will help.
the word reminiscence is commonly referred to as 1. The act or power of recalling past experience; the state of being reminiscent; remembrance; memory. The other part of memory, called reminiscence, which is the retrieving of a thing at present forgot, or but confusedly remembered. South. I forgive your want of reminiscence, since it is long since I saw you. Sir W. Scott. 2. That which is remembered, or recalled to mind; a statement or narration of remembered experience; a recollection; as, pleasing or painful reminiscences. Syn. -- Remembrance; recollection. See Memory. from Reminiscence The act of recollecting past experiences or events., Reminiscence (EP) The first extended play by South Korean girl group Everglow under Yuehua Entertainment., Reminiscences (2010 film) A 2010 Peruvian experimental documentary film written, produced, and directed by Juan Daniel..., Reminiscence (2017 film) A Japanese mystery drama film directed by Yasuo Furuhata., Reminiscence (2021 film) A 2021 American neo-noir science fiction thriller film written, directed and produced by Lisa Joy..., Reminiscences (album) The second studio album by South Korean indie rock band Onnine Ibalgwan., Reminiscence (Bonnie Pink album) Reminiscence is Bonnie Pink&#039;s first cover album released under the Warner Music Japan label on..., Reminiscence (Wink album) The fifth compilation album by Japanese idol duo Wink, released by Polystar on November 25, 1995. and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/reminiscence will help.
the word vaishnavism is commonly referred to as The worship of Vishnu. from Vaishnavism Category, Hindu denominations - Hindu denominations, sampradayas, traditions, movements, and sects are traditions and sub-traditions within Hinduism centered on one or more gods or goddesses, such as Vishnu, Shiva, Shakti and so on., Divya Prabhandham - The Nalayira Divya Prabandham is a collection of 4,000 Tamil verses composed by the 12 Alvars, and was compiled in its present form by Nathamuni during the 9th – 10th centuries., Vasu Doorjamb Inscription – a 1st-century CE inscription from Vaishnava temple., Theistic Indian philosophy, Hindu denominations, Bhakti movement and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/vaishnavism will help.
the word surcoat is commonly referred to as 1. A coat worn over the other garments; especially, the long and flowing garment of knights, worn over the armor, and frequently emblazoned with the arms of the wearer. A long surcoat of pers upon he had.. Chaucer. At night, or in the rain, He dons a surcoat which he doffs at morn. Emerson. 2. A name given to the outer garment of either sex at different epochs of the Middle Ages. from Tabard - A tabard is a type of short coat that was commonly worn by men during the late Middle Ages and early modern period in Europe. Generally worn outdoors, the coat was either sleeveless or had short sleeves or shoulder pieces., 14th-century fashion, 15th-century fashion, 13th-century fashion, 12th-century fashion, Heraldry, History of clothing (Western fashion) and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/surcoat will help.
the word noncombatant is commonly referred to as Any person connected with an army, or within the lines of an army, who does not make it his business to fight, as any one of the medical officers and their assistants, chaplains, and others; also, any of the citizens of a place occupied by an army; also, any one holding a similar position with respect to the navy. from Rule of Law in Armed Conflicts Project - The Rule of Law in Armed Conflicts Project is an initiative of the Geneva Academy of International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights to support the application and implementation of the international law of armed conflict., International humanitarian law and a link to http://localhost/wordpedia/pages/noncombatant will help.
